the only son of john hallam , canon of windsor and dean of bristol , he was educated at eton and christ church , oxford , graduating in ## .
his first great work , the view of the state of europe during the middle ages , was produced in ## , and was followed nine years later by the constitutional history of england .
they took a place in english literature which was not seriously challenged until the 20th century .
the strongest personal interest in his life was the affliction which befell him in the loss of his children , one after another .
seventeen years later , his second son , henry fitzmaurice hallam , was cut off like his brother at the very threshold of what might have been a great career .
he survived wife , daughter and sons by many years .
in ## hallam published the remains in prose and verse of arthur henry hallam , with a sketch of his life .
in ## a selection of literary essays and characters from the literature of europe was published .
hallam was a fellow of the royal society , and a trustee of the british museum , and enjoyed many other appropriate distinctions .
in ## he received the gold medal for history , founded by george iv .
the middle ages is described by hallam himself as a series of historical dissertations , a comprehensive survey of the chief circumstances that can interest a philosophical inquirer during the period from the 5th to the 15th century .
the work consists of nine long chapters , each of which is a complete treatise in itself .
the history of france , of italy , of spain , of germany , and of the greek and saracenic empires , sketched in rapid and general terms , is the subject of five separate chapters .
the last chapter sketches the general state of society , the growth of commerce , manners , and literature in the middle ages .
the constitutional history of england takes up the subject at the point at which it had been dropped in the view of the middle ages , viz , the accession of henry vii , and carries it down to the accession of george iii .
hallam stopped here for a characteristic reason , which it is impossible not to respect and to regret .
the quarterly review for ## contains an article on the constitutional history , written by southey , full of reproach .
it was his cool treatment of such sanctified names as charles i , cranmer and laud that provoked the indignation of southey , who forgot that the same impartial measure was extended to statesmen on the other side .
if hallam ever deviated from perfect fairness , it was in the tacit assumption that the 19th century theory of the constitution was the right theory in previous centuries , and that those who departed from it on one side or the other were in the wrong .
he did unconsciously antedate the constitution , and it is clear from incidental allusions in his last work that he did not favour the democratic changes he thought to be impending .
hallam , like macaulay , ultimately referred all political questions to the standard of whig constitutionalism .
but he was scrupulously conscientious in collecting and weighing his materials .
like the constitutional history , the introduction to the literature of europe continues a branch of inquiry which had been opened in the view of the middle ages .
for the first century and a half of his special period he is mainly occupied with a review of classical learning , and he adopts the plan of taking short decennial periods and noticing the most remarkable works which they produced .
thus poetry , the drama and polite literature form the subjects of separate chapters .
one inconvenient result of this arrangement is that the same author is scattered over many chapters , according as his works fall within this category or that period of time .
names like shakespeare , grotius , francis bacon and thomas hobbes appear in half a dozen different places .
his plan excluded biographical history , nor is the work , he tells us , to be regarded as one of reference .
it is rigidly an account of the books which would make a complete library of the period , arranged according to the date of their publication and the nature of their subjects .
in science and theology , mathematics and poetry , metaphysics and law , he is a competent and always a fair if not a profound critic .
not less worthy of notice in a literary history is the good sense by which both his learning and his tastes have been held in control .
probably no writer ever possessed a juster view of the relative importance of men and things .
the labour devoted to an investigation is with hallam no excuse for dwelling on the result , unless that is in itself important .
he turns away contemptuously from the mere curiosities of literature , and is never tempted to make a display of trivial erudition .
nor do we find that his interest in special studies leads him to assign them a disproportionate place in his general view of the literature of a period .
hallam is a philosopher to this extent that both in political and in literary history he fixed his attention on results rather than on persons .
his conception of history embraced the whole movement of society .
beside that conception the issue of battles and the fate of kings fall into comparative insignificance .
wise and generally melancholy reflections on human nature and political society are not infrequent in his writings , and they arise naturally and incidentally out of the subject he is discussing .
his object is the attainment of truth in matters of fact .
sweeping theories of the movement of society , and broad characterizations of particular periods of history seem to have no attraction for him .
the view of mankind on which such generalizations are usually based , taking little account of individual character , was distasteful to him .
thus he objects to the use of statistics because they favour the tendency to regard all men as mentally and morally equal .
at the same time hallam by no means assumes the tone of the mere scholar .
he is solicitous to show that his point of view is that of the cultivated gentleman and not of the specialist .
thus he tells us that montaigne is the first french author whom an english gentleman is ashamed not to have read .
in fact , allusions to the necessary studies of a gentleman meet us constantly , reminding us of the unlikely erudition of the schoolboy in macaulay .
sungai besi lrt station is an lrt station in sungai besi , a town in the federal territory of kuala lumpur , malaysia .
this station is served by the sri petaling line and was opened in ## , along with ## other lrt stations .
this can go on for a long time , making ## flies up a perpetual game that can be played indefinitely .
many school teachers prefer this method , because it can require some basic arithmetic skills , which can be practiced through the physical activity .
the school is accredited by the new england association of schools and colleges .
sterling is one of only two colleges in the united states to offer a degree in circumpolar studies .
by ## , sterling had developed into an accredited college offering an associate of arts degree in resource management with full accreditation by the new england association of schools and colleges granted in ## .
sterling college joined the work colleges consortium in ## and the center for northern studies , which had been operating in neighboring wolcott since ## , merged with sterling college in ## .
it has ## buildings including a woodworking shop and a library .
much of what is grown and raised is consumed in the dining hall .
it allows users to make their own missions for the game .
it was released on september ## ## as a free download .
tefft middle school is a middle school that educates 7th and 8th graders located at ## shirley avenue in streamwood , illinois .
as of ## , tefft serves over ## students .
the principal of tefft is lavonne smiley , the vice principal is david harshbarger .
tefft middle school is named after the tefft family .
the tefft was an important family in elgin history .
later in ## phineas smith hauled milk via an ox team to elgin which was then sent to chicago on the galena and chicago union railroad .
students at tefft have the opportunity to play in the school band or orchestra .
the tefft band is directed by daniel dorotiak , the tefft orchestra by donna garcia , and the tefft choir by david hain .
band , orchestra , and chorus members are not able to participate in rotation classes .
these classes last six weeks and include drama , music , art , family and consumer sciences , industrial education , and computers .
in the fall boys can play football and girls can play volleyball .
in the early winter and late winter , students can play on the tefft basketball team .
the sports teams play the teams of all the other middle schools in the district .
tefft and nearby eastview middle school and canton middle school have a small rivalry , due to their close proximity to each other .
student attending tefft come from several different feeder schools .
students from either heritage , parkwood , glenbrook , horizon , or sunnydale elementary schools attend tefft after completing 6th grade .
after completing 8th grade , these students will attend streamwood high school .
students who attended horizon elementary school and ontarioville elementary school will attend bartlett high school .
students who apply for educational academies in 8th grade will attend the high school where the academy is housed .
the city has four fortune ## companies , nine fortune ## companies , and thirteen courant ## companies , as well as numerous divisions of large corporations .
this gives stamford one of the largest concentrations of corporations in the nation .
## percent in revenue in the three years from ## to ## .
## million in annual revenue and ## employees , according to inc .
it is roughly ## wide by ## feet long .
in ## , the company again made the list , this time at no .
oingo boingo is the first official release from the band oingo boingo .
the center boasts ## , ## square feet of building space for meditation , dharma talks , programs , and living quarters .
the race , staged over 3200m by the victoria turf club was won by baron necktar a full brother to dunlop , the melbourne cup winner of the same year .
centennial scarborough is a neighbourhood located in toronto , more specifically in scarborough .
the largest segment of this neighbourhood is much more commonly known as port union , which was the name of the waterfront village that stood here in the 1800s .
when railroads came in port union did not fare well , however , in recent years a sub division has been built along the waterfront which joins the traditional neighbourhood to the new frontier .
the neighbourhood has many mature trees , parkland and waterfront .
for those who want to feel like they are in the country while in the city , this neighbourhood fits the bill .
it can be viewed as a specific form of jazz , but based on traditional music of hungary and vojvodina .
he is a virtuoso violinist , playing with great fervor and passion , and occasionally he plays other traditional instruments , such as cimbalom .
on concerts , he usually performs with his small band , but sometimes also plays solo violin .
alternatives of the latter type are often the result of education reform and are rooted in various philosophies that are commonly fundamentally different from those of traditional compulsory education .
while some have strong political , scholarly , or philosophical orientations , others are more informal associations of teachers and students dissatisfied with certain aspects of traditional education .
however , these words each have different meanings which are more specific or more ambiguous than simply alternative .
in general , this limits the term to the last two or perhaps three centuries , with the rise of standarized and , later , compulsory education at the primary and secondary levels .
many critics in this period have suggested that the education of young people should be undertaken in radically different ways than ones in practice .
anarchists such as leo tolstoy and fransisco ferrer y guardia emphasized education as a force for political liberation , secularism , and elimination of class distinctions .
a wide variety of educational alternatives exist at the elementary , secondary , and tertiary levels of education .
these general categories can be further broken down into more specific practices and methodologies .
in education , the phrase alternative school , sometimes referred to as a minischool , or remedial school , is any public or private school having a special curriculum , especially an elementary or secondary school offering a more flexible program of study than a traditional school .
today , alternative schools cater to students who have special educational needs as well as those who would like to experience school differently .
there are similar programs that exist in higher education settings that serve adults returning to school .
independent , or private , schools have more flexibility in staff selection and educational approach .
other independent schools include democratic , or free schools such as sands school , summerhill school and sudbury valley school , krishnamurti schools , open classroom schools , those based on experiential education , as well as schools which teach using international curriculum such as the international baccalaureate and round square schools .
the majority of independent schools offer at least partial scholarships .
some call themselves unschoolers , for they follow an approach based on interest , rather than a set curriculum .
others enroll in umbrella schools which provide a curriculum to follow .
in some states publicly run school districts have set up programs for homeschoolers whereby they are considered enrolled , and have access to school resources and facilities .
the toronto district school board has adopted alternative programs into their school system .
in quebec the universal school of life has been around for more than ## years and is focused on indigo children and families and has created a way of life for indigo families .
sands school is an alternative school in the uk .
it has only ## students , with a high ratio of teachers .
the students learn at their own pace in a supportive environment .
the school is run democratically , with the students having as much say in how the school is run as the staff .
decisions are made by voting in a weekly school meeting , where matters ranging from what colour the new carpets should be , to the employment of new staff .
the school offers a full range of subjects , and attendance to lessons is negotiated , not compulsory .
the school also educates students on a larger range than most schools , and gives students choice in what they can learn .
their interests form a large part of what is offered in the curriculum .
preshil , in kew , australia , was established in the 1930s .
it is one of the few alternative schools in australia that is unaffiliated with any doctrinal or theological movement .
in india , beginning in the early part of the 20th century , many educational theorists have discussed and implimented radically different forms of education .
at higher levels of education one finds educational alternatives like multiversity .
in the last few decades holistic education , in which the environment of the student is considered an essential part of the educational process , has become popular .
joseph academy in bardstown , kentucky , where he also served as a greek professor during his senior year .
breckinridge before being appointed for a position in the united states treasury department in ## .
army and held the positions of captain and quartermaster of volunteers as of june ## , ## .
long before the officers were buried at the state cemetery in frankfort on june ## , ## , there was a dedication ceremony for a monument in honor of these men .
lines from the poem would eventually grace the gates of numerous national cemeteries .
he was appointed captain of the second calvary on march ## , ## before resigning on december ## , ## .
he also edited for the louisville times and the yeoman .
he continued to follow government orders , such as his diplomatic mission into the tehuantepec grant debate .
he later served with general albert sidney johnston and general john c .
he later resided on a plantation near guerrytown , alabama where he died and was returned to columbus for burial .
on september ## , ## , his remains , along with those of other mexican war officers were buried in the state cemetery in frankfort , kentucky .
as part of the former benadir region , its capital was mogadishu until the mid 1980s , when the town of jowhar became the capital .
it is bordered by the somalian regions of galguduud , hiiraan , lower shabele , and banaadir and the indian ocean .
detour is a ## film noir cult classic that stars tom neal , ann savage , claudia drake and edmund macdonald .
along the way , a stranger in a convertible gives him a ride .
while driving , al stops to put the top up during a rainstorm .
he discovers that the owner of the car has died in his sleep .
al panics and dumps the body in a gully and drives off in his car .
the film has been selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
critical response to the film today is almost universally positive .
and yet it lives on , haunting and creepy , an embodiment of the guilty soul of film noir .
no one who has seen it has easily forgotten it .
someday a car will stop to pick me up that i never thumbed .
yes , fate , or some mysterious force can put the finger on you or me for no good reason at all .
mabasa is a barangay of dupax del norte in the province of nueva vizcaya , philippines .
mabasa was originally called san roque , named by the parish priest of dupax after the saint of hunters because the place then was a thick forest where game was abundant such as deers and wild pigs .
the first settlers of san roque were ilokano migrants from the town of paoay in ilocos norte and from alcala and san nicolas towns in pangasinan .
they travelled by foot and by horses and carabaos through san nicolas , pangasinan , passing through imugan , santa fe , nueva vizcaya because that was the shortest way possible during those times .
the family of apolonio vadil was the first settler in poungan .
old records from the roman catholic church in dupax del sur showed that the daughter of apolonio vadil , tomasa , was baptized on october ## , ## .
it is located next to the oyster rocks , off the karachi habour .
catamount ski area is a ski resort located in the berkshire mountains in hillsdale , new york and south egremont , massachusetts .
while many families tend to prefer nearby butternut , catamount has a more diverse and challenging range of trails , including catapult , one of the steepest trails in the northeast .
catamount lifts have short lines and the trails have less people , which means more skiing .
catamount first open for business in ## with three rope tows .
but the mountain remained relatively unpopular for a good amount of time .
in the 1950s , jiminy peak and butternut ski areas opened , the other two mountains in the berkshires and skiing in the area began to become more popular .
bill gilbert and don edwards took over management and bought catamount in ## and made it what it is today .
both men had a lot of experience manging mountains .
since they have taken over , a lot of new terrain has been added , including catapult , sidewinder , and promenade , and new chairlifts .
it will be moved when the incoming condos are built .
has some catamount logo stuff and basic ski clothing .
catamount has begun its renovation project to compete with neighboring butternut .
in summer ## , the summit quad chairlift was completed .
the new condos will also include a retail shopping , dining , a spa , and parking .
a few years ago , many would choose butternut over catamount because of its draw for families .
but catamount has recently dedicated an entire area to beginners called the meadows and it is serviced by its own triple chair lift .
the mountain offers an incredible variety of terrain for a small mountain .
it has difficult trails such as catapult , one of the steepest trails in the northeast .
it has black diamond cruisers such as alley cat and a favorite intermediate cruiser in sidewinder .
if one should desire a nice , long trail , one could take ridge run to promenade for a ## .
some of the notable views include when you ski on the new york side from the summit right before you get on glade .
when you reach the bottom of lower glade or upper alleycat , there is a fabulous view of the rest of the mountain .
likewise , when coming down mountain view on the massachusetts side , you can see the rest of the mountain .
overall , the mountain is great for what it is .
it is small but will keep you busy all day .
it is always crowded and does not take you high enough to make it worth the wait .
everyone goes inside the lodges then and the lines are very short .
get there early so you can get the good snow and short lines .
if not , you gotta wait til the end of the day for short lines and by then , the snow is no good .
not steep but steep enough to get going if you want .
excellent for all abilities and easy to learn techniques , etc .
fun trail for beginners , giving them a long option from to top of the meadows .
an excellent way to finish chute and glade although not entiely worth it if you only take the catamount doublt to the middle .
you can really get some speed and finish off with an array of blue and black trails at the bottom , including catamount .
it starts off slow and flat but you soon encounter a number of good pitches .
the run always has a good amount of snow on it .
gives you options when you get to the meadows .
has fabulous views of the mountain and is a wide trail with decent pitch .
great snow grooming and one of the most underrated trails on the mountain .
what makes the trail worth it is after when you get to esplanade , which is arguably better than holiday .
it is a great long cruiser with steep pitches and not as steep pitches , making it truly enjoyable .
it is filled with twists and turns including great views as you pass through the trees and weave through the mountain .
it has fabulous twists and turns , great snowmaking , and rarely has people on it .
a season pass purchase at catamount is one of the best values in skiing .
also , if you buy in march , you can ski free that march .
if you buy at the right time , it pays in four visits .
gsb provides a forum for its members to meet , discuss , exchange ideas and vital information .
as such , gsb invites to specific cultural and social events to get together on a regular basis .
he was a member of the greece national basketball team that finished second in the ## fiba world championship .
he is a small forward but he can also play as a center or power forward .
foster township is a township in schuylkill county , pennsylvania , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
according to the united states census bureau , the township has a total area of ## .
as of the census2 of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the township .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the township the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
it was proved by norbert wiener and his student shikao ikehara in ## .
the road has a distance of 25km , which is one of the longest roads in singapore , and the road takes its name from the hill .
en route , it passes through the areas of little india , newton road , farrer road , singapore botanic gardens and bukit timah .
the road passes through the bukit timah planning area .
buildings named after the road are bukit timah plaza and bukit timah shopping centre .
the road was built in ## and the area was infested with tigers that it was a serious threat to humans .
the first horseback ride in the island was along bukit timah in ## , which took four days and was made by mr thomson and dr .
in ## , about ## were killed by the tigers in and about the gambier and pepper plantations .
the road was also the last defensive stand against the japanese army in ## .
the british surrendered to the japanese at the old ford motor factory at upper bukit timah road .
a canal was built in later years between dunearn road and bukit timah road to solve the flooding problem in the area .
in the 1990s , a tunnel and a flyover was constructed namely the bukit timah underpass and the wayang satu flyover .
the newton flyover exists since the 1970s which goes over the junction of newton circus .
this only refers to the eastern end of the road .
at upper bukit timah road , landmarks include bukit timah plaza , bukit timah market and food centre , beauty world , cheong chin nam road , hoover park , rail mall and the old ford motor factory .
its original goal was to write about and publish programs for all of the computers that used some version of the mos technology ## cpu .
support for the kit computers and the commodore pet were eventually dropped .
most personal computers of the time came with some version of the basic programming language .
it was noted particularly for software such as the multiplatform word processor speedscript , and the spreadsheet speedcalc .
editors of the magazine included founder robert lock , richard mansfield , charles brannon , and tom r .
general media had ceased its publication before the sale .
he also wrote the book , the traditional potters of seagrove , n .
in ## , and started southern arts journal a quarterly magazine featuring essays , fiction and poetry about all things southern , in ## .
net all in one desk reference for dummies , visual basic .
he created much controversy with an article he wrote there called oop is much better in theory than in practice .
he currently writes for microprocessor report and maximum pc .
there , emperor galba was proclaimed by its legions and marched over rome .
## billion , to move into atm and frame relay markets .
both desh deshpande and ceo dan smith profited handsomely from the acqusition , as did hundreds of cascade employees .
in addition , cascade was notable for invigorating the telecommunications startup culture in massachusetts in the mid 1990s .
argon networks , which had chris baldwin as vp of marketing .
argon , along with castle networks and redstone , was bought by siemens to form unisphere .
ignitus , founded by mahesh ganmuhki and peter fetterolf .
redstone , founded by jim dolce and kurt melden .
redstone formed the backbone of unisphere , and its product line lives on after juniper networks bought unisphere .
sonus networks , which hired hassan ahmed as ceo .
sycamore networks , founded by desh deshpande and dan smith .
gateside is a small village in the north east of fife , scotland .
it also comprises a school , a pub , a church , a town hall and minimart , selling mini and smart cars .
magdalena is a district of the province of chachapoyas .
fairy cake is located where the low mountain towards the shores of the river utcubamba .
fairy cake offers several attractive places for tourists as the beautiful ruins of macro .
also he emphasizes the square in the center of the village .
to come to fairy cake a car takes in the city of chachapoyas .
the management holidays of the cardinal fairy cake it is celebrated the day of maria magdalena , july ## .
the anniversary of the secondary school cesar vallejo is carried out every october ## .
as typical meals there is known the parboiled one , the nickname , the candy stick , the locro of bare nickname and the cuy with dads between others .
he began by selling essences derived from flowers in grasse , and then peddled his scents to the barbers of paris .
his genius , however , was in marketing and in recognizing that the bottle made the perfume .
his rose jacqueminot scent , in a bottle by baccarat , was his first great success .
coty was something of a recluse , disliking crowds of any kind , and hiding behind his public image .
the company he founded in ## is now coty , inc .
the group was outlawed in ## , through a decision taken by the popular front government .
chamberlain is a city in brule county , south dakota , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
chamberlain is home to the akta lakota museum , which profiles the live of nomadic plains indians .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the city .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
the game is very popular in blackburn , england , where it is traditionally played in pubs .
even at the present time it is still organised into pub teams who play on sunday nights .
nobody is quite sure how long this game has been played in blackburn , but it has been a fixture in pubs there for a long time .
the players cut for deal , the highest card having the preference .
if this should be of the same suit as the original trump , the dealer is bound to give three more cards to each , again turning up the seventh , until a new suit does actually turn up .
his antagonist must follow suit or trump , his right to do the latter not being affected by his holding cards of the suit led .
if , however , having a card of the suit led , he neither follows suit nor trumps , he becomes liable to the penalty of a revoke .
the player of the highest card of the suit led , or a trump , wins the trick , which is turned down as at whist , and the hand progresses through the six tricks .
some players score a point whenever the adversary does not follow suit or trump .
some , again , make it the rule that each player must count his score without looking at his tricks , under penalty of losing one or more points , as may be agreed , in the event of a miscalculation .
when hamblin quit drinking thanks to billy graham he began to lose favor with hollywood .
he was ultimately fired by the radio station when he refused to accept a beer company as a sponsor .
truth is said to be a ballad , making it her first ballad since precious which was released on may ## , ## .
in the strictest sense , oenophilia describes a disciplined devotion to wine , accompanying strict traditions of consumption and appreciation .
in a general sense however , oenophilia simply refers to the enjoyment of wine , often by laypersons .
oenophiles are also known as a wine aficionados or connoisseurs .
they are people who appreciate or collect wine , particularly grape wines from certain regions , varietal types , or methods of manufacture .
while most oenophiles are normal , everyday people , some may also be vintners , wine merchants , or as in the case of robert parker , one who tastes and grades wines for a living .
as an independent , morrissey defeated democrat incumbent doug scott in the ## mayoral elections after trying in his first run in ## with a populist campaign promising road improvements , education reforms , and a revitalized downtown .
mayor morrissey has struggled to accomplish some of his plan .
however , his account is questioned by leading writers and schlders including noted mafia expert and founder of ganglandnews .
government documents , and certified arrest and imprisonment records concerning papania at the rogues gallery .
sometime later tom states in his messages three men in black showed up at his home to inform him and his parents that they believed it was tom who had robbed them and that the only reason he was still alive was due to the respect they had for his grandfather .
they warned him that if it happened again , not even the respect for his grandfather could save him .
tom explains that he never even knew of his grandfather and that after this meeting , his dad severely chastened him , warning him not to speak with these men again .
the mafia is like a war , inside and out .
externally they are on constant surveillance by police , and internally there are always members who seek to dethrone those in authority at any expense .
he was told that the inside men were takin care of and eliminated , but they wanted to make an example for the guys on the outside by having them shot in the legs .
tom says that he did as ordered , but that when he got in the airplane to head back to new york , the only people in the airplane were police who put him under arrest for the shooting of those men whom , tom says , he had not even heard of their names until after his arrest .
tom vowed to keep silent and said nothing before the sentencing judge who gave him the maximum penalty , ## to ## years .
as the story goes , tom was given all three of these for his faithful service .
regardless of all the millions of dollars he was making , tom says there remained a vacuum in his life .
papania claims that after his conversion to christianity , he told paul castellano , the current boss at the time , that he was leaving the mafia .
please improve the article if possible , but the article must not be blanked , and this notice must not be removed , until the discussion is closed .
for more information , particularly on merging or moving the article during the discussion , read the .
meeting places are usually social centers okupados , and public .
hackmeeting is inspired by the event hackit that began ## in italy , although through the years it has been evolving until obtaining its own identity .
it also exists as hackmeeting international , by the alias transhackmeeting , which celebrated its first edition in croatia .
wallerfangen is a municipality of saarlouis district , saarland , germany .
located west of saarlouis and along the french border , it is the seat of the villages of ittersdorf , ihn , leidingen , st .
it was established by the duchy of lorraine , and belonged to the duchy until the napoleonic wars in the late 18th century , at which time it came under french control .
in ## , under the treaty of paris , prussia assumed control of the area .
for all intents and purposes , it remained in the possession of the german federation of states until ## .
the treaty of versailles created an independent and autonomous territory of saargebiet , administered by france and the league of nations until ## .
under the terms of versailles , the citizens of the saargebiet voted to become part of germany , doing so inspite of adolf hitler having assumed power in ## .
world war ii brought much despair and bloodshed for wallerfangen and its citizens .
after wwii , wallerfangen belonged to the newly independent , but french controlled , saarland .
much of the parish is mountainous , while farmlands cover the remainder of the land including a couple of cherry fields .
the parish is one of the smallest on the island .
it is located se of santana , sw of machico , ne of funchal .
it is linked with a road linking funchal and machico while part of the parish is passed with a road linking to santana .
the urban sprawl of funchal lies westward , while in the east of the parish is the international funchal airport , the gateway to madeira .
the main source of industry are agriculture and fishing while a number of businesses are in the downtown area .
as of ## december ## , it had a population of ## , ## and an area of ## .
, though there is conflicting information on his date and place of birth .
he was well liked by the anglican lay minister william duncan , founder of the christian utopian communities at both old and new metlakatla .
when simpson was a young man , he was one of the eight people sent in a canoe by duncan from new metlakatla to dismantle the church they had left behind at old metlakatla .
they hacked it to pieces and burned it to the ground and escaped back to alaska before they could face prosecution .
this was an offshoot of the metlakatla community , one committed to presbyterianism under marsden .
after the fire , simpson moved to juneau , and then to sitka , alaska .
he died december ## , ## , in sitka .
by nora marks dauenhauer and richard dauenhauer , pp .
a palm court is a large room , usually in a prestigious hotel , where functions are staged , notably tea dances .
he has also written two books and directed two video documentaries .
the game was a major success and is still regarded as one of the best games made for the atari ## .
this led warshaw to be picked as the designer of the game adaptation of the film raiders of the lost ark , which was also a commercial success and was critically acclaimed at the time .
problems began early as he was only given five weeks to go from concept to finished product .
amazingly , he was able to finish the game on time .
however , it was poorly received , seen as being confusing and frustrating .
atari took a major financial loss on the project , which combined with other poor business decisions and conditions , led to the company being divided and sold within two years .
however , atari was dismantled before either version could be released .
following the collapse of atari , warshaw wrote two books .
the first , the complete book of pan , is a guide to the card game of the same name .
, a chronicle of the american immigration of two russian women from the same family , one in ## and the other in ## .
in ## classic video game enthusiasts were able to produce cartridges of saboteur for sale at game expos .
it debued at phillyclassic ## where warshaw was at hand to bless the distribution and even autograph the cartridges .
that year atari also released the atari flashback system that includes fifteen atari ## and five atari ## titles , including saboteur .
in his games , warshaw is also known for always leaving his initials as an easter egg .
raoul van caenegem , a belgian historian , was a professor at the university of ghent .
in ## , he was awarded the francqui prize on human sciences for his work on medieval history .
he studied the history of continental and common law , and why they diverge so sharply .
he revealed the significance of power struggles between the judiciary , legislators and legal scholars .
these form the three principal types on which all capitals are based .
the profuse decoration underneath the bracket capital in the palaces of xerxes at susa and elsewhere , serves no structural function , but gives some variety to the extenuated shaft .
it has been suggested that the foliage of the greek corinthian capital was based on the acanthus spinosus , that of the roman on the acanthus mollis .
he gives some tales about the invention of each of the orders , but he does not give a hard and fast set of canonical rules for the execution of capitals .
the classical design was often adapted , usually taking a more elongated form , and sometimes being combined with scrolls , generally within the context of buddhist stupas and temples .
these early types were generally painted at first with various geometrical designs , afterwards carved .
in byzantine capitals , the eagle , the lion and the lamb are occasionally carved , but treated conventionally .
in england and france , the figures introduced into the capitals are sometimes full of character .
these capitals , however , are not equal to those of the early english school , in which the foliage is conventionally treated as if it had been copied from metalwork , and is of infinite variety , being found in small village churches as well as in cathedrals .
in the renaissance period the feature became of the greatest importance and its variety almost as great as in the byzantine and gothic styles .
the flat pilaster , which was employed so extensively in the renaissance , called for a planar rendition of the capital , executed in high relief .
a traditional 15th century early renaissance variant of the composite capital turns the volutes inwards above stiffened leaf carving .
in new renaissance combinations in capital designs , most of the ornament can be traced to roman sources .
the renaissance was as much a reinterpretation as a revival of classical norms .
the volutes of greek and roman ionic capitals lie in the same plane as the architrave above them .
the problem was more satisfactorily solved by the 16th century renaissance architect sebastiano serlio , who angled outwards all the volutes of his ionic capitals .
within the bounds of decorum , a certain amount of inventive play has always been acceptable within the classical tradition .
as latrobe reported to thomas jefferson in august ## , .
the darkest cloud is the debut album by chicago rapper vakill , released may ## , ## on molemen records .
the album drew acclaim from underground fans and critics alike , due to its dark production and advanced lyricism .
a simple extra point conversion would have tied the game and arguably given nebraska the national championship .
mu beta psi national honorary musical fraternity is a service and music fraternity with chapters and colonies at universities throughout the united states .
however , it soon spread to a number of colleges throughout the southern united states and allowed women to join the group in the early 1960s .
by the early 2000s , the fraternity had spread to several colleges through the eastern united states , both in the north and south .
although the name contains national honorary musical fraternity , mu beta psi views itself as primarily a music service group .
several of the chapters run scholarship programs and pride themselves on giving service to their music departments .
in addition , mu beta psi has an alumni association that is considered an active chapter .
the alumni association is open to alumni of all mu beta psi chapters , active or otherwise .
it was directed by bobby jean leonard and written by john bryant hedberg , greg latter and george saunders .
landon recovered and was elected back to york regional council in november ## .
in facsimile systems , the rate at which recorded copy is produced .
in duplicating equipment , the rate at which copies are made .
a list of the ## counties in the u .
one of the original counties , was called mina until ## .
brazos county formed in ## from parts of washington county .
cass county formed in ## from part of bowie county .
lavaca county formed in ## from parts of colorado county , fayette county , gonzales county , jackson county and victoria county .
santa fe county formed in ## from lands ceded by mexico .
it included the area of new mexico east of the rio grande .
worth county formed in ## from part of santa fe county .
he began his acting career on stage , and by ## owned his own theatre company .
in ## he made his film debut and worked constantly throughout the thirties , establishing himself as a capable supporting actor .
bellamy received the lead role in the ## film straight from the shoulder .
he portrayed detective ellery queen in a few films during the forties , but as his film career had not progressed , he returned to the stage , where he continued to perform throughout the fifties .
on broadway he appeared in one of his most famous roles , as franklin delano roosevelt in sunrise at campobello .
she disliked the school and its strict discipline , and eventually left it to pursue an acting career .
this led to her staying in france for a time where she made more films with noted french directors such as louis malle .
bujold appeared in a variety of film roles for canadian and u .
they had a son matthew in ## and were divorced in ## .
also in ## , she won the prix suzanne bianchetti as the most promising young actress in french film .
in ## , she starred opposite richard burton in the film , anne of the thousand days .
both works are part of his viagens interplanetarias series and of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet krishna .
the collection was first published in paperback by ace books in ## .
it was issued as the fourth volume of the standard edition of the krishna novels , and its component parts were at the time of publication the fourth and fifth krishna novels , chronologically .
short stories in the series do not follow the practice , nor do viagens interplanetarias works not set on krishna .
he is best known for his role as a religious sniper in saving private ryan , as journalist joseph l .
inspired several fansites , including meet barry pepper , created in ## by jayne childers , a fan from virginia .
childers was personally contacted on more than one occasion by barry pepper , who also passed information and answers to questions from fans to the site via his brother , doug .
she first appeared in ## and remained in the show until her presumed death in ## following the neighbours plane crash .
of serbian descent , lilijana grew up under the dominant shadow of her mother svetlanka ristic and lived in perth , western australia , surrounded by her family .
however , her parents were less than pleased when she married australian born david bishop aged only ## , but their marriage seemed to be a success and the two had a daughter named serena .
after david was offered a job in erinsborough the whole family moved where they thought they would be living in their newly built house in eden hills .
yet having invested all their savings into a business that appeared to have gone bust david almost bankrupt the family and instead of furthering her education , lil was forced to get a job as a receptionist for karl kennedy .
she had found herself pregnant to ivan petrovich , a worker at the family vineyard .
ivan fled the scene , so when david came along to help the family with their accounts , lil quickly saw him as a potential father for her child .
but lil was led to believe that the child was stillborn , and she never even saw it for ## years .
it was revealed that luka would be able to save her .
upon returning to good health , svetlanka was promptly thrown out by her daughter while luka later decided to return to his adoptive parents .
it was then that lil was offered a job with paul robinson as manager of the helen daniels trust .
yet the marriage soured after david became obsessed with his work and lil had an affair with paul .
only when paul was revealed to be plottong to destroy erinsborough did lil finally return to her husband .
david , lilijana and serena hugged one another as the plane crashed into the bass strait .
but i think it was her passionate love affair with life that made her such such a wonderful friend .
but always to lil , the most important thing was family .
she appeared on the show between ## and ## .
it is a legend and tradition in the english town of whitby in yorkshire .
on the shore , they had to construct a short hedge from stakes woven together .
the instructions stipulated that a knife of a penny price is to be used .
during the industrial revolution in england , cort began refining iron from pig iron to wrought iron using innovative production systems .
in ## he patented the puddling process for refining iron ore .
the the henry cort community college bears his name , located in the large town of fareham , south of funtley .
the son of a builder , cort was born in lancaster in ## .
as a young man , he worked as a royal navy agent in london , where his interest in the poor quality of english iron against overseas supplies developed , leading to his inventions that greatly increased the quality of iron production .
he left his job as an agent in ## .
cort joined attwick in the family iron business , living and working in gosport .
with an increase in demand for iron goods from the royal navy , the ironworking enterprise in middle street , gosport flourished , but was severely strained by a ## contract for barrel hoops .
to cope with an unexpectedly high demand , and beset by the high cost of swedish iron , cort set up an iron works in fontley , hampshire .
the extracted ball of metal is then processed into a shingle by a shingling hammer , after which it is rolled in a rolling mill .
because of the nature of the business , which was now vital to the supply of iron to the navy , the patents were taken over by the government .
the younger jellicoe was given sole control of the mill and wharf .
he was awarded a government pension after leaving his firm , but died a ruined man , and was buried in hampstead churchyard .
he is the winner of the origins award as well as several ennies .
he lives in seattle with his wife and household of pets .
cordell frequently references certain characters , ideas , and organizations repeatedly in his rpg works , creating a personal continuity between various supplements .
for example , the illithiad references the character of strom wakeman and the organization known as the arcane order .
meanwhile , the arcane order returned in tome and blood as a detailed organization and the basis of a prestige class .
a rolling pin is a cylindrical food preparation utensil used to shape and flatten dough .
rolling pins of different styles and materials offer advantages over another , as they are used for different tasks in cooking and baking .
the pins may be tapered at one or both ends for more pivot control in certain tasks such as making small jiaozi skins or pie shells .
most east asian or french style rolling pins , and the turkish oklava are rod style .
they are used by grasping the handles and pushing the pin across the dough .
rolling pins come in a variety of sizes , shapes and materials including glass , wood , stainless steel , marble , and plastic .
some are hollow and are able to be filled with cold or warm water to better roll a desired food .
marble rolling pins are often cooled in a refrigerator for maintaining a cold dough while making puff pastry .
rolling pins are the stereotypical weapon of angry housewives and are frequently employed in cartoons as an instrument for inflicting cranial injury .
according to some cookbooks , heavy wooden roller type rolling pins are best used on kitchen helpers when frustrated , and not on dough .
he has represented ireland since ## , and between ## and ## was a player for essex .
mccoubrey participated in the ## and ## icc trophy tournaments .
he was most noted for his victory in the battle of mount dingjun , in which his force routed that of xiahou yuan , who was slain in the battle .
for his merits , huang zhong was ranked among the five leading generals of shu , later popularized as the five tiger generals .
huang zhong had always been portrayed in popular literature and arts as an elderly general with youthful vigor and constitution .
even now , the spirit to strive for excellence despite old age is often attributed to him .
however , little was documented about him in historical records and it is impossible to tell how old he was when he was named one of the five tiger generals .
huang zhong then began his service under liu bei .
in ## , liu bei led a force upon hanzhong , which was under the control of cao cao .
alarmed by the attack , xiahou yuan sent zhang he to defend the eastern corner of the camp , while he guarded the south .
the battle became a rout and xiahou yuan himself was killed in battle .
the victory at mount dingjun was a major stepping stone to the later conquest of hanzhong .
in ## , liu bei proclaimed himself king of hanzhong and effectively the first emperor of the kingdom of shu .
however , huang zhong died in the next year , to an unspecified cause .
he was given the posthumous title of marquis gang , literally meaning the unyielding marquis .
the romance of the three kingdoms , a historical novel by luo guanzhong , was a romanticization of the events that occurred before and during the three kingdoms period .
in the novel , huang zhong was portrayed as an aged but extremely talented warrior , excelling especially in archery .
he was also credited with the slaying of xiahou yuan , a prominent general of the kingdom of wei , in the battle of mount dingjun , though in reality the latter was most probably killed in the rush of enemy soldiers .
in chapter ## , xiahou yuan stationed his troops on mount dingjun and effectively resisted the advance of huang zhong .
xiahou yuan could not tolerate his enemy spying on him and insisted on attacking mount tiandang .
setting out his troops to surround mount tiandang , xiahou yuan rode forth and challenged his enemy to battle .
however , huang zhong kept his troops back and refused to engage .
he then hoisted a red flag , signalling huang zhong to attack .
amid deafening drums and war horns , the shu troops rushed downhill with huang zhong galloping in the forefront .
before he could react , xiahou yuan was cleft in two below his shoulders by huang zhong .
with their commander dead , the wei soldiers were easily defeated and mount dingjun was felled .
this infuriated huang zhong , who challenged wei yan to a duel .
to appease both , liu bei then ordered huang zhong to attack ling bao and wei yan to strike deng xian .
however , ling bao was ready for the attack and used a flanking tactic on the enemy .
a force led by deng xian had by then arrived , and its commander came straight for wei yan with his spear held forth .
so it was that huang zhong had come to the rescue .
having slain the fallen deng xian , huang zhong then went for ling bao , brandishing his sword .
ling bao was no match for his ferocious foe and had to retreat .
in his frantic attempt to find an escape , ling bao was ambushed and captured by wei yan , who had regrouped his force in a bid to redeem himself .
for the victory , huang zhong was heavily rewarded while wei yan was pardoned for his disobedience .
luo guangzhong wrote that in ## , huang zhong followed liu bei on a campaign against the kingdom of wu .
one day , hearing that liu bei commented on aged and incapable generals , huang zhong mounted his horse and rode straight to the forward camp .
just at this time , an enemy vanguard force had arrived .
neither could establish a clear advantage but huang zhong was fighting with all his might .
not expecting to win the battle , pan zhang then retreated .
the next day , pan zhang rode out to issue challenge for another duel , which huang zhong eagerly took up .
within bouts , however , pan zhang turned to escape .
it was in fact a plot by the enemy , who had ambushed in wait for huang zhong .
liu bei came personally to the forward camp to see the injured general , but huang zhong was too old and weak to survive the arrow wound .
huang zhong is a playable character in the koei video game series dynasty warriors .
huang is depicted as a wise and honourable elderly man whom younger officers , such as zhao yun , respect and look to for guidance .
always eager to prove to friend and foe alike that he is still a very capable officer and combatant .
leading his unit into battle against the defending cao wei army , huang personally slays xiahou yuan in almost every release in which he appears .
apart from his long , grey beard , huang is usually depicted as appearing youthful for his age .
he generally wears light armour consisting of steel and leather over cloth , commonly worn by cavalry archers and other frontline fighters who rely on agility and swift movement during battle .
this is sometimes accompanied by flowing , green and gold robes to add a unique style to his appearance .
he spent two years studying abroard and in ## became professor of obstetrics in charleston medical college .
after this he became a professor in the albany medical college .
he later founded the university medical college in which he established an obstetrical clinic for those too poor to afford a doctor which was the first of in the united states .
he retired from teaching for health reasons in ## and he died in ## .
his funeral panegyric was preached by archbishop john mccloskey a fellow student at mount st .
hmy osborne was a royal yacht of the royal navy of the united kingdom .
she was launched ## and replaced the yacht of the same name formerly known as the hmy victoria and albert .
each season , member schools participate on the basketball tournament .
the two best teams among the final four earns a twice to beat advantage , while the other two only needs to be beaten once in order to be eliminated .
membership was liquid , and the composition of the league changed frequently .
after the ateneo de manila , la salle , and san beda left , the ncaa opened its doors to new members .
in ## , perpetual help college of rizal was accepted as a new member , while trinity college of quezon city became a full member on ## .
in ## , philippine christian university became the seventh member of the ncaa .
the meaning of the declaration is still disputed in russian historiography .
also , at that moment bolsheviks believed that the world revolution was imminent , so they did not care much about loss of territories .
however , it is often argued that in fact lenin and stalin agreed to liberate mostly the territories they had no sovereignty upon since russia had lost them to central powers in ## and ## .
many historians suggest that the purpose of the document was to limit the public dissent after russia lost most of its western areas and try to complicate the matters behind the front lines .
latvian riflemen were important supporters of bolsheviks in the early days of russian civil war and latvian historians recognize the promise of sovereignty as an important reason for that .
the right of secession was soon exercised by many nations that earlier had been incorporated into imperial russia .
many areas in russia itself were also declared independent republics .
bolshevist russia would , however , attempt to establish soviet power in as many of those as possible .
the soviet governments would receive a direct military support from russia .
russian historiography often cited the document as one of the main bases for the liberation of central european states .
however , in ## lithuania declared its indepence again , citing their right to secession as written down in soviet constitution .
this site has one of the most important assemblages of arable weeds in britain , several of which are now nationally rare or scarce .
austin lane technologies is a a developer of enterprise applications for wireless handheld devices and personal computers .
its major wireless business application is the almobile suite .
he was a member of the holland squad that finished sixth at the ## summer olympics in los angeles , california .
bouwman made his debut on august ## , ## in a friendly match against england .
he played in the dutch league for amsterdam , schc and hgc .
his father henk was also a skillful field hockey player , who competed at the ## summer olympics in london .
medicine river is a novel written by author thomas king .
it was first published by viking canada in ## .
the book was later adapted into a film version .
he was raised by his mother in medicine river .
as the book progresses we learn more and more about his life as a child , and about what life is like in the town near a native reserve he calls home .
he joins the basketball team , creates a calendar with pictures of native peoples , and has many other adventures as the book progresses .
it grew steadily , for about ## years , including some acquisitions .
in ## , the fortune magazine named it one of the fastest growing companies in the us .
however , the company failed later that year , shuttering dozens of locations throughout the usa .
it changed owners up to ## when it was reacquired by bob bernard .
it still operates , but is not publicly traded .
net , llc , chicago based vision enterprises , and los angeles based dna studio .
the company has also established itself as one of the top performers in interactive marketing and advertising , corporate performance management , banking solutions and search engine optimization spaces .
the soup of recurrently connected nodes will end up computing a large variety of nonlinear functions on the input .
the word liquid in the name comes from the analogy drawn to dropping a stone into a still body of water or other liquid .
the falling stone will generate ripples in the liquid .
at best they can replicate some parts of brain functionality .
it can be used as an input or output without the use of a control signal for data direction .
in this mode , only a current source to vdd is active .
a belief in the primacy of mind is a ubiquitous element in the history of ideas .
in this view the mind or soul is not only primary as an explanation of human nature , but is the only conceivable explanation , as nothing so subtle and sublime as reason and morality could possibly emerge from matter and motion , the primary elements of scientific explanation .
he published his first books here , in collaboration with other local booksellers .
in ## he returned to london and from ## to ## he worked in partnership with john lane , culminating in the publication of the yellow book in ## .
lane began went on to form the bodley head and mathews set up on his own , publishing works by his neighbour w .
yeats , lionel johnson , james joyce , ezra pound and robert bridges , amongst others .
it is a holiday from rio de janeiro , brazil , and it emphasizes on calling your friends and thanking them for everything .
rah bras is a synth rock band originally out of richmond , va .
the band consists of isabellarah rubella on synth , boo rah on keytar , and jean rah on drums , with all three providing vocals .
las vegas is a city in san miguel county , new mexico , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
it is the county seat of san miguel county .
las vegas is the home of new mexico highlands university .
it is also a venue used by the ibna for teacher training , perhaps due to the proximity of the armand hammer united world college of the american west .
las vegas was established in ## after a group of settlers received a land grant from the mexican government .
the town was laid out in the traditional spanish colonial style , with a central plaza surrounded by buildings which could serve as fortifications in case of attack .
las vegas soon prospered as a stop on the santa fe trail .
kearny delivered an address at the plaza of las vegas claiming new mexico for the united states .
during the railroad era las vegas boomed , quickly becoming one of the largest cities in the american southwest .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## , ## households , and ## , ## families residing in the city .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
there were ## , ## households out of which ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
although many buildings are in varying states of deterioration , others have been restored or are awaiting restoration .
single engine , small commercial jets , and helicopters .
the town name can be seen in the background in one scene during this part of the movie .
as of ## , many of the buildings and structures seen in the film remain .
in ## , the film fanboys used las vegas as one of its film locations .
the film is about a dying star wars fan and will be released in ## .
the upcoming movie the astronaut farmer , also a ## projected release , was also filmed here .
## husky squadron is a air force unit with the canadian forces .
it is responsible for long range airlift for the cf .
while operating the husky it provided air to air refueling in addition to transport service .
in slavic languages the word means magicians , sorcerers , however it is unclear how the word entered into the cuisine .
traditional tartar kundumy were deep fried in a good amount of melted sheep fat .
the simplest dough for kalduny is made of flour mixed with tepid water with some salt .
some maintain that the true dough for kalduny should me mixed with onion juice , not water .
anyway , good dough for kalduny shall be soft but elastic , easy to strain and to glue .
well blended dough has to be wrapped into a clean serviette and left to cool and to rest for some time .
when shaping your own kalduny , lay the ready ones on a clean surface strewn with flour and close the rest of the dough with a kitchen towel so that it don t dry out .
kalduny may be both a main course and a dessert , depending on stuffing .
for the latter meat , or fish , or farmer cheese , or dried fruit , may be used .
stuffing should be neither too hard nor too sticky best if you can shape small ## inch ball from it .
it should not get between the ## edges of the glued kalduny so that they do not disintegrate during cooking .
the sauce with which kalduny are served also depends on stuffing .
born in savannah , georgia , in ## , millen studied law , gained admittance to the state bar and practiced law in savannah .
millen served in the georgia house of representatives in ## , ## , ## , ## , and ## .
owens was elected as a democratic representative from georgia to the 28th united states congress and died only several months after assuming office , serving in total from march ## , ## , until his death in savannah on october ## , ## .
the name comes from a large rock formation off the coast of ibiza that figures in the legend of aleister crowley .
the album was recorded by holger czukay at inner space studio , a converted movie theater near cologne .
listen to the album on the mute player at mute .
isoko is the name of one of the ethnic groups living in the niger delta area of nigeria .
the isoko area is located in the present delta state of nigeria .
it is linguistically similar to that spoken by the neighboring urhobo people .
while some people believed that the isoko people originated from the benin peoples , this is not true .
the belief that most of the isoko groups are of benin origin were views held and expressed in the 1960s and 1970s .
and the staple food crops include cassava and yams .
there is also the widespread production of palm oil and palm kernels .
limited amount of hunting and fishing is also done .
women form a large proportion of the farming population .
they also engage in trade of food crops for cash to meet other basic household needs .
on market days , it is common to see isoko women peddling their assorted goods around neighboring villages .
cassava is the source of most of the foods consumed by the isoko people .
there is no definitive population census figure on the size of the isoko people and , indeed , most of nigeria .
the various nigerian census figures have been controversial and are deemed unsupportable .
popular mode of transport is the motorcycle and bicycle .
the isoko people know the value of education and encourage their young to attend school .
the isoko people have been known to be very passionate about location of education infrastructure in their communities , believing it is a mark of progress .
this is rapidly changing as opportunities offered by other professions are recognized .
traditional idol worship still thrives despite the strong onslaught of christian principles .
the region experiences high rainfall and high humidity most of the year .
the climate is equatorial and is marked by two distinct seasons .
the rainy season spans may to october with a brief dry spell in august .
whirlwind was laid down march ## , ## by bollinger machine , lockport , louisiana and launched september ## , ## .
she also made a brief appearance on the television series oz , where she played the wife of the blinded correctional officer rivera .
dragan primorac graduated from the university of zagreb , split medical school in ## .
he successfully defended his doctoral dissertation , entitled osteogenesis imperfecta as a result of faulty processing of messenger rna , in ## at the university of zagreb , medical school .
primorac worked several years as a postdoctoral fellow and later also as an instructor at the university of connecticut medical school in farmington , ct , usa .
primorac is a member of the croatian society for human genetics , the croatian society for osteogenesis imperfecta , the american academy of forensic science and the american society for human genetics .
he is the author of ## scientific research articles and scientific abstracts , ## of which are cited in the current contents and science citation index databases .
furthermore , as a guest lecturer he participated in more than ## professional conferences .
he has taught and continues to teach undergraduate classes at the university medical schools in zagreb and split as well as teaching both research and professional graduate seminars at the medical schools in zagreb , split , osijek and verona , italy .
he is a longtime member of the government office for detained and missing persons and served as a member of the council for technology at the previous ministry of science and technology of the republic of croatia before assuming his current post as minister .
for two years he was the main coordinator of an international project that brought together six european countries with the aim of applying and analyzing new dna methods for the purpose of identification .
he is the author of the original results on the genetic origins of the europeans , with a special interest in the origins of the croatians and the peoples of the bosnia and herzegovina .
he has also published extensively in the fields of forensic science , population genetics , and molecular genetics of bone diseases in children , etc .
primorac worked at the clinic for pediatrics and served for several years as the head of the laboratory for clinical and forensic genetics , both at split clinical hospital .
he is mentoring the preparation of five doctoral dissertations as well as three masters and two undergraduate theses .
primorac is a member of the croatian government serving as the minister of science , education and sports .
as of ## , the district had an estimated population of ## , ## and a density of ## .
he was educated at ravenscroft public elementary school and was awarded a scholarship to belfast college of technology .
by ## he was back in belfast , back at gallachers , and building a reputation as an outstanding footballer .
he began his professional football career at the end of the second world war when he was signed by belfast side glentoran .
he played ## times for villa , captaining the side on many occasions .
however , he became unhappy with the club and the way training was conducted , becoming one of the first to propose that players should train with a ball as opposed to merely undertaking physical exercise .
with blanchflower as captain spurs won their first ## games , still a record for the top flight of english football and eventually ran out as league champions by ## points .
they then beat leicester city in the final of the fa cup to become the first team in the 20th century to win the league and cup double not achieved since aston villa in ## .
he eventually left the job less than a year after his appointment , in september ## .
he was one of only a handful of players to have been awarded the title of english footballer of the year on two occasions , winning in both ## and ## .
on february ## , ## , he also became the first person to turn down the invitation to appear on this is your life , simply walking away from host eamonn andrews live on air .
in ## blanchflower was inducted into the english football hall of fame in recognition of his talents .
the game is about glory , it is about doing things in style and with a flourish , about going out and beating the other lot , not waiting for them to die of boredom .
george offers grander surprises to the mind and the eye .
the minute women were a national group founded by suzanne stevenson of connecticut in september ## .
they grew rapidly , especially in texas , california , west virginia , maryland , and connecticut .
by ## they had over ## , ## members .
stevenson instructed members to never reveal that they were minute women and always present themselves as individual concerned citizens .
in her view , political activism was more effective when it appeared to be spontaneous .
the organization was structured in a unique fashion , ostensibly to defend against communist infiltration .
in houston , texas , where they were particularly strong , they took over the local school board .
they claimed to have planted observers in university of houston classrooms to watch out for controversial material and teachers .
would be loath to go against the wishes of ## individuals .
it now often becomes a derogatory epithet , frequently synonymous with the word communist .
the newspaper was deluged by an avalanche of mail , much of which complimented it on the courage that it had displayed in taking on the minute women .
despite this setback the minute women remained active throughout the remainder of the 1950s and into the 1960s .
nasir , adlin aman ramlee , and lead actress , tiara jacquelina , was directed by saw teong hin and produced by shazalli ramly .
set in the late 15th century sultanate of malacca and the grand javanese kingdom of majapahit , against a backdrop of war and mysticism , the movie is about the forbidden romance that blossomed between gusti putri , a javanese hindu princess , and hang tuah , the famed malay muslim warrior from melaka .
history , mythology and fiction are fused to tell a fateful tale of forbidden love , in a time when allegiance and honor to country are foremost to personal desires .
a vivid dream compels the princess to commit the unspeakable , and leave her assigned palace life .
without the consent of her king , she sets sail across the open seas , with the unflinching hope that she can be reunited with her one true love .
soon after the princess parting , the majapahit kingdom is attacked by the powerful javanese kingdom of demak .
but the princess is unable to bring herself to do this as she could not bear to be his queen .
the princess instead offers to marry the prince of demak .
the indignant sultan will not accept the rejection , nor will he be publicly humiliated .
he plots to marry the princess at all cost .
hang tuah is ordered to head the royal delegation , and proposes to gusti putri on behalf of the sultan .
the warrior devotedly leads the convoy up gunung ledang in search of the woman he deeply loves .
gusti adipati was extremely angry that hang tuah is getting in his way and invoked supernatural powers to combat him .
he instantly appeared by hang tuah with wearing ornately designed armor and challenged him to a combat .
despite his supernatural prowess , he is defeated by hang tuah and his magical taming sari kris .
but before he could draw blood from his son , the mental projection of gusti putri appeared before his eyes .
she explained to him that her conditions are nothing more than an indirect refusal of his proposal for marriage .
hang tuah , having heard of the curse of the sultan from the bendahara , rushed to mount ledang to see her one last time .
with only one day remaining he rushes to the top , only to arrive after the sun has risen .
the story ends when gusti putri reveals herself to him .
it is henceforth unknown what happens to him and her next .
it is a typical lament of an irish expatriate who wishes he was back in his homeland .
in music and musical form , procedures of contrast include stratification , juxtaposition , and interpolation .
procedures of connection include gradation , amalgamation , and dissolution .
contrast is also when you compare two different instrument sounds to each other .
on september ## , ## , mandel mentioned on the ellen degeneres show that the series will be returning in ## , in addition to doing his job hosting deal or no deal .
he further mentioned that the series was returning on the late late show with craig ferguson .
the segment would include mandel describing some aspect of the story and often relating it back to his personal childhood .
sometimes during these segments , the character of bobby would appear in animated form and converse with mandel .
other times , a live action child would appear and exchange words with mandel .
endings of the show also featured a form of mandel breaking the proverbial fourth wall by talking to the audience about the episode .
she was born into a middle class family in new york city , the oldest of eleven children .
her mother was a writer of fiction and poetry .
her father died when she was ## and the family followed her to upstate new york where she taught and had met her future husband , william kirkland .
the death of her father had made her mainly responsible for the rest of the family .
she married william in ## and they settled in geneva , new york where they founded the domestic school .
in ## the kirklands moved to the then frontier town of detroit , michigan and in ## they founded the village of pinckney on land that william had purchased .
she wrote another book about life in the settlements , forest life , while still in michigan .
the kirklands left michigan in ## because their venture to establish the town of pinckney was not a financial success , and because they felt shut out by the reactions of their neighbors to mrs .
a third book based on frontier life , western clearings , came out in ## , after she had returned with her family to new york city .
in new york william kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the new york evening mirror , and of his own paper , the christian inquirer .
in ## an unfortunate accident resulted in his death .
kirkland continued her literary activities until her death in ## .
their son joseph kirkland , who was born in geneva , also became a recognized writer .
kirkland opened a school for girls and from ## to ## was editor of the union magazine .
she also entered into the literary social life of the community often entertaining writers , publishers , and other notables .
her home was the leading literary salon in the country where edgar allan poe , william cullen bryant , elizabeth drew stoddard , and others frequently assembled .
kirkland went abroad in ## and again in ## .
she was received by charles dickens and the brownings , elizabeth barrett browning and robert browning .
she also became a close friend and correspondent of harriet martineau .
kirkland , as attested to by the above names , had considerable fame and accolades from her writings during her lifetime .
poe in particular thought of her as a significant american writer .
she was a relatively early american woman writer who appears to have written because she liked to write and only published what she considered to be well written .
she wrote for men as well as women but definitely wrote from a female perspective .
her works continue to be studied in relation to style , contributions to american literature and the influence of the female perspective .
she competed for the ussr in the ## summer olympics held in tokyo , japan in the high jump where she won the bronze medal .
kenlake state resort park is a park located on the western shore of kentucky lake near paducah , kentucky in calloway county .
he fled to venezuela , where he developed his musical career and composed what are often taken to be his best musical pieces .
while this notion makes sense for any lorentzian manifold , it is most often applied to a spacetime standing as a solution to the field equations of some metric theory of gravitation , particularly general relativity .
in this case , we can say that an asymptotically flat spacetime is one in which the gravitational field , as well as any matter or other fields which may be present , become negligible in magnitude at large distances from some region .
the condition of asymptotic flatness is analogous to similar conditions in mathematics and in other physical theories .
such conditions say that some physical field or mathematical function is asymptotically vanishing in a suitable sense .
in general relativity , an asymptotically flat vacuum solution models the exterior gravitational field of an isolated massive object .
therefore , such a spacetime can be considered as examples of isolated systems in the sense in which this term is used in physics in general .
since typical distances between astrophysical bodies tend to be much larger than the diameter of each body , we often can get way with this idealization , which usually helps to greatly simplify the construction and analysis of solutions .
only spacetimes which model an isolated object are asymptotically flat .
a simple example of an asymptotically flat spacetime is the schwarzschild vacuum solution .
more generally , the kerr vacuum is also asymptotically flat .
but another well known generalization of the schwarzschild vacuum , the nut vacuum , is not asymptotically flat .
around ## , hermann bondi , rainer sachs , and others began to study the general phenomenon of radiation from a compact source in general relativity , which requires more flexible definitions of asymptotic flatness .
in the new approach , once everything is properly set up , one need only evaluate functions on a locus in order to verify asymptotic flatness .
there is no difficulty whatever in obtaining models of static spherically symmetric stellar models , in which a perfect fluid interior is matched across a spherical surface , the surface of the star , to a vacuum exterior which is in fact a region of the schwarzschild vacuum .
in fact , it is possible to write down all these static stellar models in a way which makes clear that they exist in plenitude .
given this success , it may come as a nasty shock that it seems to be very difficult , mathematically speaking , to construct rotating stellar models in which a perfect fluid interior is matched to an asymptotically flat vacuum exterior .
this observation is the basis of the most prominent technical objection to the notion of asymptotic flatness in general relativity .
this is because more accurate theories necessarily demand setting up more accurate boundary conditions , which can render it difficult to see how to set up some idealization familiar in a simpler theory in a more sophisticated theory .
indeed , we must expect that some idealizations admitted by previous theories may not be admitted at all by succeeding theories .
this phenomenon can be both a blessing and a curse .
for example , we have just noted that some physicists hold that more sophisticated theories of gravitation will not admit any notion of an isolated point particle .
indeed , some argue that general relativity does not do so , despite the existence of the schwarzschild vacuum solution .
be this as it may , very few examples of exact solutions modeling isolated and rotating objects in general relativity are presently known .
in particular , there is no known perfect fluid source which can be matched to a kerr vacuum exterior , as one would expect in order to create the simplest possible model of a rotating star .
this is surprising because of the plenitude of fluid interiors which match to schwarzschild vacuum exteriors .
indeed , if some argue that an interior solution which matches to the kerr vacuum , which has petrov type d , should also be type d .
there is in fact a known perfect fluid solution , the wahlquist fluid , which is petrov type d and which has a definite surface across which one can attempt to match to a vacuum exterior .
however , it turns out that the wahlquist fluid cannot be matched to any asymptotically flat vacuum region .
in particular , contrary to naive expectation , it cannot be matched to a kerr vacuum exterior .
eprint the authors argue that boundary value problems in general relativity , such as the problem matching a given perfect fluid interior to an asymptoically flat vacuum exterior , are overdetermined .
roberts attempts to argue that the exterior solution in a model of a rotating star should be a perfect fluid or dust rather than a vacuum , and then argues that there exist no asymptotically flat rotating perfect fluid solutions in general relativity .
the airborne troops are the most capable mobile assault forces of russia , as they are airborne forces in the first place .
one of the new units was the 100th airborne division .
at the end of the war they were reconstituted as guards rifle divisions .
they were later rebuilt and eventually formed seven air assault divisions .
with an independent air assault regiment and up to sixteen air assault brigades .
they were formed into their own vdv command to give the soviets a rapid strike force to spearhead strategic military operations .
two other air assault brigades are partially infantry formations reporting directly to the military districts they are stationed in .
in the early 1990s , general pavel grachev , first russian defence minister planned for the vdv to form the core of the planned mobile forces .
it should be noted however that an additional major contractorisation of many many units across the russian armed forces is now under way .
it was announced that the 98th airborne division is also earmarked for contractorisation .
vdv units have superior mobility with these vehicles and superior firepower , each division has three regiments equipped with them and their derivatives .
the single independent brigade , the 31st at ulyanovsk , however , is not equipped with its own armor or artillery and may be equivalent to western airborne , in that it functions as light infantry and must walk when reaching their destination .
the 31st was the former 104th guards airborne division .
vdv troops participated in the rapid deployment of russian forces in and around pristina airport during the kosovo war , surprising nato .
they also were deployed in chechnya as an active bridgehead for other forces to follow .
however , it is unlikely that this reorganization will happen in the years to come due to lack of funding and resistance from within the vdv .
the abominable snowman is a humanoid cryptid associated with the himalaya .
nevertheless , the yeti remains one of the most famous creatures of cryptozoology .
during the twenties and thirties sightings of both of prints and of the animal itself occurred right across the himalaya from the burmese frontier to the karakoram , not all of them by credulous witnesses .
the research on the hair was conducted by professor frederic wood jones , f .
none of these had been dyed and they were probably exceedingly old .
the hairs were bleached , cut into sections and compared microscopically with those of known animals .
he was , however convinced they are not the hairs of an anthropoid ape , nor of a bear .
in ## , the journal of the asiatic society of bengal published the account of b .
hodgson , who wrote that while trekking in northern nepal , his native guides spotted a tall , bipedal creature covered with long dark hair , then fled in fear .
hodgson did not see the creature , but concluded it was an orangutan .
an early record of reported footprints appeared in ## in l .
on the most superficial investigation it always resolved into something that somebody had heard of .
tombazi , a photographer and member of the royal geographical society , saw a creature at about ## , ## ft near zemu glacier .
tombazi later wrote that he observed the creature from about ## or ## yards , for about one minute .
it showed up dark against the snow , and as far as i could make out , wore no clothes .
western interest in the yeti peaked dramatically in the 1950s .
these photos have been subject to intense study and debate .
in ## , sir edmund hillary and tenzing norgay reported seeing large footprints while scaling mount everest .
during the daily mail snowman expedition of ## , the largest search of its kind , the mountaineering leader john angelo jackson , made the first trek from everest to kangchenjunga and in the process photographed symbolic paintings of the yeti at thyangboche gompa .
jackson tracked and also photographed many footprints in the snow , many of which were identifiable .
however , there were many large footprints which could not be identified .
beginning in ## , tom slick , an american who had made a fortune in oil , funded a few missions to investigate yeti reports .
analysis found a parasite but could not classify it .
in ## , sir edmund hillary mounted an expedition to collect and evaluate evidence for the yeti and sent a yeti scalp from the khumjung monastery to the west for testing .
in ## , british mountaineer don whillans says he saw a creature while scaling annapurna .
while scouting for a campsite , whillans heard some odd cries .
that night , reported whillans , he saw a dark shape moving near his camp .
in ## , italian mountaineer reinhold messner claimed to have come face to face with a yeti .
he has since written a book , my quest for the yeti , and also claims to have actually killed one .
according to messner , the yeti is actually the endangered himalayan brown bear , ursus arctos isabellinus , that can walk upright or on all fours .
the yeti has become a cultural icon , appearing in movies , books and video games .
mainly this is in the abominable snowman style , but occasionally as comic relief .
the principal is rosaleen sirchio and the assistant principals are thomas ridoux and tiffany steiner .
government organization responsible for regulating and facilitating the safe operations and international competitiveness of the u .
this is in contrast with nasa that is a research and development agency of the us federal government , and as such neither operates nor regulates the commercial space transportation industry .
the regulatory responsibility for the industry falls to the federal aviation administration , which is a regulatory agency .
nasa does , however , often use launch satellites and spacecraft on vehicles developed by private companies .
bennett senior high school is a high school located in salisbury , wicomico county , maryland .
it has an enrollment of ## in grades nine through twelve , and ## teachers and assistants .
the current building lacks air conditioning and houses more students than its design capacity of ## students .
these conditions lead to student complaints of crowding and discomfort .
bennett high school is currently in the funding stages for a replacement building .
construction is slated to start in ## , with a goal completion date of ## .
bennett high school won states championships in golf , basketball , indoor and outdoor track .
bennett is the highest performing academic school in wicomico county with great extracurricular activities .
in history at the university of chicago when he quit to join the civil rights movement in the south .
later on , samstein also organized protests against the vietnam war .
he had a variety of jobs , including working as a teacher , as a psychoanalyst , and running a summer camp .
in ## , he and other civil rights veterans protested the handling of the presidential vote in florida .
samstein was married to nancy cooper , a fellow civil rights activist .
he died from carcinoid cancer at his home in new lisbon , new york , aged ## .
the compaq presario v2000z notebook pc series was a ## .
it was available with amd sempron or turion processors and was based on an ati xpress ## chipset .
it has a sister laptop version called the compaq presario v2000 or v2000t , and features intel processors .
fergie has made it clear in interviews that she will still be an active member in the black eyed peas .
the poster was clearly visible from the south end of london bridge itself .
source code is distributed under the terms of the gnu lgpl license .
lzma utils , a port consisting of only the lzma code and designed to work with raw lzma streams in a similar way to the compression utilities gzip and bzip2 .
for archiving of multiple files , the lzma tool would be used on top of an archive format such as .
the produced output is raw lzma with no header information .
currently neither tool can use the files created by the opposite utility , at least for now .
sometimes , a simple squeeze at the right spot will do the trick .
on the other hand , sometimes many movements of small pieces are necessary for the box to open .
hence some puzzle boxes are closely related to burr puzzles .
jewelry used to be kept in trick boxes so that a potential thief would have problems seeing and stealing the contents .
puzzle boxes have been crafted all over the world , including morocco , poland and south america .
by far the most intricate and beautiful is the japanese puzzle box , covered in complicated patterns of rich wood inlay called yosegi and featuring complex mechanisms to open them .
at first glance they appear smooth and without any opening , but by various obvious or hidden panels , may take anywhere from ## to over ## movements to open .
the japanese puzzle box can be as small as an inch long , or up to over a foot in length .
they are adorned with elaborate inlaid wooden geometric designs , an independent craft in itself .
they are produced in a few towns in small area of japan .
the town of hakone in particular is regarded as the center of both the creation and the continuing evolution of this national traditional handicraft as designated by the minister of industry in ## .
many if not most of these scenes show a house tucked into the trees with a boat on the lake and mt .
san means ## and sui represents the three elements of nature water , trees and mountains combined to form the sansui scene familiar to almost everyone who grew up in the 1950s and through the 1970s .
these boxes were made in various complexities and consist basically of ## moves with a variety of twists here and there to trick the person trying to open these exquisite boxes , but the real trick is finding the correct series of movements that can range from ## to ## moves .
yoshio okiyama is credited with making the most complex box which requires ## moves to open .
only ## of these complex boxes were made for sale while another ## in a different style were made for sale in foreign markets .
okiyama passed away in march of ## approximately at the same time as another great master of this craft , mr .
on the other end of the scale of complexity is the greatest master craftsman of them all , the famous mr .
finding the kannuki on one of his boxes is often nearly impossible to the untrained eye .
for over ## or ## years now he has perfected the creation of these boxes to such a degree that he is far and away the finest woodworker of this craft .
the battle of przemy l was fought on november ## and ## of ## between polish and ukrainian forces .
the ukrainians were initially in control of the town with the polish gathered opposite the san river .
the polish then crossed the river and drove the ukrainians out of town .
the tennessee code commission is one of the ## or more commissions , boards and committees that to provide assistance to the state court system .
the commission publishes , sells and distributes the compilation of the laws , statutes and codes of the state .
born as publius claudius pulcher , his military career was generally undistinguished .
however , considering himself treated with insufficient respect , he stirred up a revolt .
marcius rex , governor of cilicia , gave him the command of his fleet , but he was captured by pirates .
on his release he repaired to syria , where he nearly lost his life during a mutiny he was accused of instigating .
returning to rome in ## bc , clodius turned to a cursus honorum .
he prosecuted catiline for extortion , but was bribed by him to procure acquittal .
the affair of the mysteries of the bona dea , however , caused a breach between cicero and clodius in december ## bc .
after gaining the consent of the roman senate , and with the connivance of caesar , he succeeded in being adopted into the plebeian branch of his gens by p .
on december ## , ## bc , he was elected tribune of the plebs , an office for which patricians were ineligible .
his first act as tribune was to bring forward laws seemingly calculated to secure him popular favour .
clodius then acted against cicero and cato the younger , who was sent to cyprus as praetor to take possession of the island and the royal treasures .
it was purchased by clodius himself , who , not wishing his name to appear in the matter , had someone else place the bid for him .
after the departure of caesar for gaul , clodius practically became master of rome with the aid of a personal gang , one of several that were active in the city at the time .
in ## bc , one of the tribunes proposed the recall of cicero , and clodius resorted to force to prevent the passing of the decree .
his effort was foiled by milo , who led an armed gang sufficiently strong to hold him in check .
judicial proceedings were hindered by violent outbreaks , and the matter was finally dropped .
in ## bc , when milo was a candidate for the consulship , and clodius for the praetorship , the rivals collected armed bands and clashed in the streets of rome .
on january ## ## bc , clodius was slain near bovillae .
his enraged clients used the senate house as his funeral pyre .
clodius was born into the wealthy patrician family of appius claudius pulcher and caecilia metella balearica .
he changed his name from the ancient patrician spelling of claudius to the plebeian spelling of clodius upon his adoption by p .
clodius was married to fulvia , and had a daughter , clodia pulchra , who was briefly married to octavian , and a son , also named p .
his entire exploits from his time in the east to his death in ## bc is chronicled as a subplot to the greater story .
clodius plays a minor role in the ides of march , an epistolatory novel by thornton wilder dealing with characters and events leading to , and culminating in the assassination of julius caesar .
the csp never gained mass support , but adolf stoecker was able to obtain a seat in the reichstag after an electoral coalition with the conservative party .
sipcot it park is an information technology park located in padur , siruseri , off old mahabalipuram road , just outside chennai .
very few people use private transportation for commuting to sipcot , possibly due to the great distance between sipcot and their homes .
taxis and autos are not easy to get around sipcot as of now .
it is one of the smallest regions of the republic , located on the perekop isthmus .
hart station is a place in county durham , in england .
it is situated to the north west of hartlepool , near west view .
they manage to leave the island and think they had escaped their fates .
but years later , they start to die at age sixteen in the order and the time they were to be sacrificed .
kid rock covered the song for the wwe produced album , wwf forceable entry in ## .
it is mentioned several times in harry potter and the order of the phoenix by the character luna lovegood .
according to lovegood , some of these creatures can be found in sweden .
it reached national circulation via the asahi shimbun in ## and ran daily until hasegawa decided to retire in february , ## .
its immediate predecessor was optus vision , a joint venture between its parent company , optus , and the large local media companies publishing and broadcasting limited and seven network .
optus vision used a unique hybrid cable to connect homes to its network , and later added broadband cable internet access to its network .
unlike in most countries , australian local governments did not create local cable monopolies .
this meant that when cable tv became legal in the early 90s anyone with enough money could lay a cable network anywhere .
optus and telstra were the two main telecommunications companies in australia at the time , and both spent billions on hybrid coax and optic fibre networks in the major capital cities .
austar was effectively given a monopoly in its territory .
if people cannot get access to your content , eventually your content will end up somewhere that they can .
from ## to ## , the super league war waged between the two consortiums over lucrative rugby league rights .
mtv australia , disney channel and espn all became available on foxtel as soon as they were able .
optus , along with austar had a joint venture in the use of satellite broadcasting for the delivery of subscription television .
originally , foxtel had not previously offered a satellite service , until purchasing the satellite subscribers from australis media within their service area .
optus utilised this joint venture to initially trial and subsequently offer a basic satellite service , named vip .
the service was very select with not many being able to access the service .
after optus axed the vip service , it also sold its share in the joint venture to austar .
seven bought sportsvision , which became optus and austar exclusive c7 sport and progressively lost sporting rights to fox sports .
in ## , the commencement of the new afl broadcasting deal with foxtel led optus and austar to drop c7 sport from their services , leading to the demise of the channel .
optus replaced the c7 channels with an optus rebadged version of fox sports .
since december ## , subscriber numbers have dropped considerably to almost half of the ## , ## reported .
since that time , optus has repositioned its television service to being a major component of bundled services , rather than a service by itself .
the service was unique to optus and had a good deal of positive consumer feedback .
the itv service utilised the liberate platform instead of opentv , as used by foxtel digital .
the trials were canceled by optus after the content supply agreement was reached .
a notable difference between optus itv and foxtel digital was that the optus system used the same hfc cable network both for delivery and for the return path , meaning no additional hardware or service was required for this return path .
by contrast , the foxtel digital system relies on a telephone connection for the return path .
the optus itv system also allowed true video on demand .
foxtel digitial provides near video on demand , with featured content broadcast on multiple channels with staggered start times available at frequent intervals .
after sigining up to the content supply agreement with foxtel , optus television changed their channel lineup to reflect the offerings from foxtel .
optus were able to have a number of differences between their offering and the foxtel offering , so that optus could meet some contractual obligations they had , as well as satisfying a number of requirements placed on the organisation by the accc .
optus were required to have a number of channels that were unique to their service , though the flagged channels are now available on both platforms without any change in regulation nor penalty .
he and the muse calliope were possibly the parents of orpheus and linus .
this is not intended to be a list of rare diseases , nor is it a list of mental disorders .
this list includes both common names and technical names for diseases .
a number of rare diseases may be present in this list .
originally built by the 9th karmapa wangchuk dorje in 16th century , rumtek served as the main seat of the karma kagyu lineage in sikkim for some time .
but when the 16th karmapa arrived in sikkim in ## , after fleeing before the chinese occupation of tibet , it was in ruins .
despite being offered other sites , the karmapa decided to rebuild rumtek .
to him , the site possessed many auspicious qualities and was surrounded by the most favorable attributes .
for example , flowing streams , mountains behind , a snow range in front , and a river below .
with the generosity and help of the sikkim royal family and the indian government , it has been built by the 16th karmapa as his main seat in exile .
after four years , construction of the monastery was completed .
it is home to the community of monks and where they perform the rituals and practices of the karma kagyu lineage .
a golden stupa contains the relics of the 16th karmapa .
opposite that building is a college , karma shri nalanda institute for higher buddhist studies .
rumtek is currently at the centre of the karmapa controversy with a lengthy battle being played out in the indian courts .
two rival organisations , both supporting different candidates for the 17th karmapa claim stewardship of the monastery and its contents .
calcium phosphate is an important raw material for the production of phosphoric acid and fertilizers , for example in the odda process .
calcium phosphate is also a raising agent , with e number e341 .
there is some debate about the different bioavailabilities of the different calcium salts .
another practical application of the compound is its use in gene transfection .
the calcium ions can make a cell competent to allow exogenous genes to enter the cell by diffusion .
a heat shock afterwards then induces the cell to repair itself .
this is a quick and easy method for transfection , albeit a rather inefficient one .
in spite of the hostile attitude of the great majority of the bishops , bishop de ricci issued on july ## a summons to a diocesan synod , which was solemnly opened on the september ## .
it was attended by ## beneficed secular and ## regular priests , and decided with practical unanimity on a series of decrees which , had it been possible to carry them into effect , would have involved a drastic alteration of the church on the lines advocated by febronius .
the last decree proposed the convocation of a national council .
its claims and teachings incorporated many demands made by the jansenist clergy previously , though the synod cannot be said to have been jansenist in essence .
the temper of this assembly was , however , wholly different .
the bishops refused to allow a voice to any not of their own order , and in the end the decrees of pistoia were supported by a minority of only three .
they were finally condemned at rome by the bull auctorem fidei of august ## , ## .
in may ## , on the return of pope pius vii from paris , he signed an act of submission to the papal decision of ## .
there are many documents in zobi , storia civile della toscana , vols .
the acts of the synod of pistoia were published in italian and latin at pavia in ## .
it was originally written in hebrew , and it was later included by christianity as part of the old testament .
according to biblical chronology , the events in the book of kings occured sometime around the 9th and 10th century bce .
while in the chronicles greater prominence is given to the priestly or levitical office , in the kings greater prominence is given to the royal office .
kings appears to have been written considerably earlier than chronicles , and as such is generally considered a more reliable historical source .
opposed to this are zadok , benaiah , nathan , and shimei , as well as the army generals , who favour solomon , another son of david .
adonijah invites his supporters , neutral court officials , and his other brothers excepting solomon , to the zoheleth stone .
nathan persuades bathsheba , the mother of solomon , to trick david into announcing that solomon is his heir .
after having done this , david has solomon anointed as the next king .
when adonijah is told , he and his guests flee , and adonijah seeks sanctuary at the jerusalem altar .
dying , david instructs solomon to take revenge on joab , a supporter of adonijah , and shimei , and to be kind to the sons of barzillai .
adonijah approaches bathsheba asking for a conciliatory gesture from solomon , namely he asks for abishag , but when bathsheba asks solomon about this , solomon has benaiah slaughter adonijah .
abiathar , who had supported adonijah , is then deposed from being head priest of the jerusalem altar , and exiled to his homeland , and is replaced by zadok .
as for shimei , solomon orders him to remain in jerusalem , but when shimei later retrieves his servants who had fled to gath , solomon has benaiah slaughter shimei for leaving .
once solomon has made the sacrifices , in a dream god appears to solomon and grants him a wish , so solomon asks for wisdom .
since solomon asked wisely rather than asking for riches , his wish for wisdom is granted , and solomon surpassed the egyptians and cedemites in wisdom , his fame spreading among the neighbouring nations .
solomon asks for a sword to cut the baby in half to be split between the two women .
when the first prostitute tells him to give the baby to the other rather than kill it she proves herself to be the mother with her love for the child .
the commissaries , one for each month of the year , provide the food for solomon and his guests , as well as for his horses , and the various locations are listed that they source the food from .
solomon and hiram enter into a trade agreement so that solomon can obtain the necessary raw materials .
solomon also builds a palace for himself , which is described as well .
while the priests move the ark , a sacrifice is made which is so substantial that it cannot be counted .
finally , when the ark arrives in the temple , and the priests that had been carrying it return outside , a dark cloud fills the temple , which solomon says is where yahweh intends to dwell forever .
solomon then extracts a promise from yahweh to uphold the davidic covenant , and to return to the aid of the people if they sin but later repent .
for this building programme , solomon enslaved every canaanite still living in the land .
before she returns to her homeland , solomon gives her everything that she asks for , and other presents .
he also had extravagant banquets every day , and owned thousands of horses .
solomon uses the gold to make goblets and utensils and so forth , even creating a throne made from ivory and inlaid with gold .
the wives make solomon polytheistic , worshipping the gods of his wives , such as astarte , milcom , and chemosh , even building high places to them opposite jerusalem .
having won favour with the pharaoh , hadad was given in marriage to the sister of queen tahpenes , the wife of pharaoh .
hadad and his wife have a son , whom pharaoh brings up as his own .
hadad later requests permission from pharaoh to return to his own country , and he becomes king of edom .
the people appeal to rehoboam to have their servitude lightened , and so he seeks the advice first of the elders and then of the youths .
the elders suggest complying with the wishes , but rehoboam decides to go with the advice of the youths , namely to enforce even heavier servitude .
this results in rebellion , and when rehoboam sends out adoram , the man in charge of forced labour , the people stone adoram to death .
rehoboam is forced to flee to jerusalem as only judah remains loyal to him , and there he plans an attack using the army of benjamin and judah against the forces of israel .
however , a man of god , named shemiah , is told by god to tell rehoboam not to fight , and when rehoboam is told this , he complies .
later in his reign , shishak , the pharaoh , attacks , looting the temple and palace , leaving rehoboam compelled to use bronze to replace the golden shields of solomon that shishak had taken .
when israel rebels against rehoboam , they appoint jeroboam as their new king , and jeroboam establishes shechem as his capital and then moves to penuel .
jeroboam orders that the man be seized , but his arm freezes and the altar collapses , so jeroboam takes this as a sign and appeals to the man of god .
then the old prophet states that god had told him to offer his hospitality , so the man of god accepts , but is killed by a lion as he had broken the fast .
then the old prophet mourns the man , buries him , and requests to be buried in the same grave .
duly , when the wife returns to tirzah and enters her house , the son dies .
abijam continued the war against jeroboam to conquer israel .
a more full account of the war is given in chronicles .
baasha retreats to his capital rather than continue fortifying raamah , so asa dismantles the fortifications and uses them to build geba .
in his old age , asa had infirm feet .
however , baasha , the son of ahijah , plots against nadab , and while nadab is besieging gibbethon .
however , one of his leading commanders , zimri , plots against him , and while elah is getting drunk , zimri strikes him dead .
zimri then slaughters all the remaining relatives of baasa and takes over the throne of israel .
the army , however , proclaim omri , their general , as the king , and lay siege to tirzah , where zimri is located .
zimri decides to burn his palace to the ground , killing himself .
subsequently , only half of israel support omri , the other half supporting a man named tibni , to be king .
the civil war ends with omri and his supporters as victor .
omri later constructs a new capital at samaria , and moves there .
despite the many monumental achievements and constructions that are archaeologically attributed to the period normally identified for his reign , the book of kings neglects to mention any of these , preferring to portray omri as an insignificant heretic that happened to become king and then , later , die .
elijah is sent to a stream , and fed by ravens , day and night , but when the stream dries up , due to the lack of rain , he is sent on to a widow , who will wait on him .
demanding from the widow water and bread , elijah is met with the response that there is not enough flour or oil .
elijah , however , promises that the flour and oil will last until the rains return , which comes true .
meanwhile , the famine grows bitter , and elijah is sent by god to ahab , with obadiah joining him on his way .
when elijah and ahab meet , they trade insults , with elijah calling ahab a sinner due to his religious practices , and ahab calling elijah the disturber of israel .
elijah then challenges hadad worship , demanding all of israel attend mount carmel .
at carmel , elijah announces he will sacrifice a bull to yahweh , and he expects that the worshippers of hadad will sacrifice a bull to hadad , stating that the real god will respond .
when there is no response from the sacrifice to baal , which elijah mercilessly mocks , he rebuilds the older altar to yahweh , makes the sacrifice , and a fire appears from heaven and consumes it .
a storm subsequently gathers , and elijah and ahab race to jezreel , elijah staying in front .
however , his sons die during construction , fulfilling a prophecy that joshua had made .
elijah prays for death , but is ordered by an angel to eat and drink , so he walks for ## days and nights to horeb .
elisha , a plowman , readily follows elijah , even killing his oxen , and burning them as a sacrifice , having broken up his plowing equipment to use as fuel .
a prophet arrives and tells ahab that he will win , so ahab gathers the army of israel together , and they launch a surprise attack , causing the aramaeans to flee .
the aramaeans flee into the city of aphek , but its walls collapse .
meanwhile , on the orders of yahweh , a prophet tells a companion to strike him , but the companion refuses , so the companion is killed by a lion .
the prophet pretends to the king that he was wounded in battle , and that he had been told to guard another man , on pain of death , but the other man escaped .
naboth , however , refuses to give up his ancestral land , which angers ahab , and causes jezebel to arranges for naboth to be falsely accused of blasphemy and treason , and for him to be stoned to death .
despite the other prophets predicting success , micaiah predicts total failure , so zedekiah slaps him .
the king of israel orders micaiah to be seized and put in prison until the king returns from the war , and then disguises himself to enter the battle .
conversely , the king of aram orders his men to only attack the king of israel , and though some mistake jehoshaphat for the king , his battle cry makes them realise he is not .
a randomly fired arrow , by fluke , hits the disguised king of israel , and he eventually dies from blood loss as the battle rages around him .
although jehoshaphat worships yahweh , he permits the high places to continue existing .
elijah is sent by an angel to intercept the messengers , and to tell them that ahaziah is doomed .
the men are duly informed by elijah , and are sent back to ahaziah .
after hearing them describe elijah , ahaziah recognises that elijah gave them the message , so he sends men to ask elijah to visit him .
elijah then prophecies that the men will be killed by divine fire , and this duly occurs .
ahaziah again sends men to elijah , and again elijah prophecies , and the men are immediately killed by divine fire .
the third time men are sent , their leader begs elijah to listen , and an angel tells elijah to go with them , so he does , and tells ahaziah that he will die to his face , which comes true .
on reaching bethel , the prophets there tell elisha that god is due to take elijah on that day , but elisha insists he already knows .
elijah tells elisha to remain , but elisha again insists on going with him .
and so they go to jericho , where the same events occur .
at the jordan , elijah rolls up his mantle and touches the waters , which duly part , and the two cross on dry land .
a flaming chariot and horses then come and collect elijah and take him to heaven .
because of this insult , god sends two bears come out of the forest to tear ## of the boys to pieces , killing them .
during a famine , elisha has his servants make vegetable stew for the guild of prophets at gilgal , but one of them adds wild gourds to the stew .
when realising that they have been poisoned , the guild complains to elisha , who adds grain to the pot , and serves it to the people instead , who suffer no ills .
the guild of prophets move to the jordan to build themselves a larger home , and while doing so the head slips off an axe into the river , but elisha throws a stick in and the iron axe head floats to the surface .
moab stops sending tribute to israel once jehoram takes over , and raises its army against israel .
however , the water supply dries up , and they consult elisha for help .
elisha reluctantly agrees to assist them , and , going into a trance , prophecies water and victory .
vast quantities of water then come from the direction of edom , filling the wells , and covering the ground .
from a distance , the moabites , mistaking the water for blood , think that israel , judah , and edom , have attacked each other , so the moabites seek out the spoils .
when the moabites reach the camp of israel , the israelites launch a surprise attack , vanquish the moabites , and cast stones on their fields and block their springs .
the moabites are entrapped in a city , and is besieged , so the king , having failed to escape to get reinforcements , sacrifices his son to chemosh .
the woman decides to prepare a room for him so that he can stay overnight , and so elisha asks his servant how he can repay the woman .
the servant tells elisha that the woman is childless and her husband is old , so elisha tells the woman that she will become pregnant , which comes true .
years later , while reaping the fields , the child , a boy , complains that his head hurts , and then abruptly dies .
the mother sets off to find elisha to tell him , and when elisha is informed , he sends his servant to put the staff of elisha on top of the boy .
the third time he lies on the boy , the boy sneezes and awakens .
elisha later warns the woman , who has become a widow , of an approaching seven year famine , so she leaves the land .
the girl tells naaman , who suffers from leprosy , that elisha can heal him .
the king of aram therefore sends naaman to elisha with letters of recommendation .
elisha orders naaman to wash in the jordan sevenfold , which angers naaman , since there were closer rivers , but he is persuaded to wash in the jordan anyway , and is cured .
naaman asks elisha how he can be repayed , but all elisha will accept is dedication to yahweh alone , which naaman agrees to .
however , when the servant returns to elisha , elisha is angry about his action and curses gehazi with the leprosy that naaman had had .
the king of aram is angered by this and so sends an army to kill elisha at dothan .
elisha , by a prayer , strikes the army of aram blind , then leads them to samaria , where he restores their sight .
at samaria , elisha orders the king of israel to be hospitable to the aramaean army , and not to harm them .
after a feast , the aramaeans leave , and the aramaeans never return again to israel .
the lepers discover that the aramaeans had fled , having mistaken some sounds for a large army , and fearing that israel had hired hittite and borderland mercenaries .
after helping themselves to the food and treasure , the lepers decide to tell the people of samaria that the aramaeans have gone .
although the king of israel does not believe them , his servants check for themselves , and when it becomes known to the rest of the population , the aramaean camp is plundered , ending the famine .
elisha is uneasy , prophesying that the king will not survive , and hazael will become the new king and slaughter the israelites .
the next day , hazael smothers the king to death with a water soaked cloth , and becomes king in his place .
jehoram makes a pact with israel , marrying into their royal family , though this results in him following their religious practices rather than the more yahwistic ones of his own father .
jehoram manages to escape , but his army flees , and edom gains its independence .
while visiting the convalescent , the forces of jehu attack him and he flees , but is fatally wounded , and dies at megiddo .
however , on his way back , jehoram is shot dead by jehu with an arrow , and his body is taken to the field of naboth in order to fulfil a prophecy .
ahaziah , the king of judah , sees this , and flees , but is mortally wounded by jehu , and dies at meggido .
jehu heads to jezreel , and when she learns of this , jezebel puts on makeup , and calls down accusing him of murder , and asking if all is well .
jehu shouts out and persuades the palace eunuchs to defenestrate jezebel , sending her to a gory death .
jehu challenges israel to oppose him , but , frightened by him , they submit , and in accordance with his wishes , decapitate all the descendants of ahab , sending jehu the heads .
the temple of hadad is then destroyed , and turned into a toilet .
after jehu dies , his son , jehoahaz , becomes the new king , of the much reduced israel .
six years later , the priest summons the captain of the guards and carian mercenaries , and shows them jehoash .
the priest has the guards and mercenaries surround the temple and defend it , while he publicly anoints jehoash as king .
although athaliah discovers this , and shouts that this is treason , the priest has athaliah taken away and killed .
the people then go and obliterate the temple of hadad , and slaughter its priest .
while they keep the money , they fail to make repairs , so the king complains , and the priests choose to reject the money rather than be responsible for repairs .
the money is put into a chest and when it becomes full , the contents are smelted together and used to pay for repairs , which a separate individual is given oversight of .
ironically , after hazael successfully besieges gath , when he mounts an attack on jerusalem , jehoash is forced to buy him off with the treasures from the temple .
in a later conspiracy , jehoash is killed by his own men .
jehoash goes to elisha , who is dying , for help against hazael .
elisha forces jehoash to shoot an arrow through the window , and then prophecies that his doing so has ensured victory against hazael .
elisha also makes jehoash strike the ground with some arrows , and so jehoash does so three times .
elisha states that this will ensure three victories , but by not striking the ground five or six times , has denied himself total outright victory .
jehoash is later forced to fight the aggressive king of judah , but succeeds and captures him .
jehoash goes on to jerusalem where part of the walls are torn down , and jehoash takes the treasure of the palace and temple .
amaziah slaughters those who killed his father , though is merciful enough to spare their descendants .
amaziah then goes on military campaigns , conquering the edomites .
amaziah attacks anyway , and the two sides meet in battle , but judah is defeated , and amaziah is captured .
menahem hears about the assassination , and sets off to kill shallum , but is held up by the people of tappuah .
after finally reaching shallum , and killing him , menahem exacts revenge on the people of tappuah by slaughtering their entire population .
menahem taxes the population to raise the funds for the tribute .
however , pekah , the adjutant to pekahiah , conspires with the people from the eastern half of israel , gilead , and kills pekahiah , becoming king in his place .
pekah enters into an alliance with rezin , the king of aram , to attack judah .
ahaz follows canaanite religious practices , sacrificing at the high places and asherah groves , and even immolating his son through the fire to moloch .
ahaz makes further alterations to the temple layout , even removing the throne emplacement , in deference to the assyrian king .
however , hoshea resents this , and not only fails to send the annual tribute to assyria , but also sends envoys to sais , the egyptian king , for help .
in consequence , shalmaneser occupies israel and besieges samaria for three years .
the writer remarks that the exile of israel is punishment for it following heathen practices .
sargon uses other assyrian people to populate the now fairly empty israel , and they worship their own gods , though sargon sends a few israelite priests back to teach the israelite religion , which becomes regarded by the new population polytheistically .
in iconoclastic pursuit of the reform , hezekiah destroyed the high places , pillars , and asherah , as well as the nehustan , which moses himself is alleged to have created .
however , sennacherib , the king of assyria , captures several cities in judah , and so hezekiah uses the temple funds , even breaking up the gold plated doors , to pay tribute to sennacherib .
sennacherib offers a the people a life of ease if they will submit , but the people of judah respond with silence , as hezekiah has ordered them .
apparently by way of preparation for any siege , hezekiah constructs a conduit and pool providing water to jerusalem .
the story of manasseh is abridged at this point , though the book of chronicles records that manasseh was taken prisoner by the babylonians , and treated so badly that , when released , he was a reformed man .
however , amon becomes the victim of a conspiracy when he is killed by his own servants .
during his godly reign , josiah institutes repairs of the temple , during which the chief priest , hilkiah , discovers a book of the law .
according to the narrative , no king before josiah was ever as devout or fulfilled all of the torah , and josiah is particularly zealous about his iconoclasm .
necho ii leads an egyptian army to join that of assyria in attacking babylon , and josiah rides out and meets necho at the battle of megiddo , but is killed .
necho appoints another son of josiah as the new king , who duly changes his name to jehoiakim .
jehoiakim taxes the land to give tribute to necho , but the land is soon attacked by nebudchadnezzar , the babylonian king .
easily defeated , jehoiakim becomes the vassal of babylon rather than egypt , and the babylonian empire reaches to the border of egypt , so egypt makes no further attempt to dominate the region .
however , three years later , jehoiakim rebels , and raiders from the surrounding nations are sent by nebuchadnezzar to attack judah .
however , zedekiah rebels , and so nebuchadnezzar besieges jerusalem and breaches the city walls .
zedekiah is then bound in chains and taken to babylon .
the two highest priests of the temple , a scribe , a courtiers , five personal servants to zedekiah , and ## people remaining in jerusalem , are taken to nebudchadnezzar and killed .
because of this , traditionally jeremiah was credited the author of the books of kings .
whether the editor had access to these chronicles , as they were deposited in the state archives , or simply to a history based upon them , can not with certainty be determined , though it is generally assumed that the latter was the case .
an early supposition was that ezra , after the babylonian captivity , compiled them from official court chronicles of david , solomon , nathan , gad , and iddo , and that he arranged them in the order in which they now exist .
however , it is more usually said that ezra was the compiler of the books of chronicles , an alternate history of the period of the kings , which was earlier in history treated as a single book together with the book of ezra and the book of nehemiah .
the majority of textual criticism is of the belief that , with the majority of deuteronomy , joshua , judges , and samuel , these works were originally compiled into a single text , the deuteronomic history , by a single redactor , the deuteronomist .
the similarities between the text of deuteronomy and that of the book of jeremiah are so strong that many critical scholars view jeremiah as the deuteronomist , hence agreeing , in a round about sort of way , and for different reasons , with the traditional view concerning the authorship of kings .
he mentions as a rule a few important events which are sufficient to illustrate the attitude of the king toward the deuteronomic law , or some feature of it , such as the central sanctuary and the high places , and then proceeds to pronounce judgment upon him accordingly .
the book must have taken its present form , therefore , during the exile , and probably in babylonia .
on the other hand , there are indications which imply that the first redaction of kings must have occurred before the downfall of the judean monarchy .
the work in this earlier form must have been composed between ## and ## .
in addition to the supplement which the exilic editor appended , a comparison of the masoretic text with the septuagint as represented in codices b and l shows that the hebrew text was retouched by another hand after the exemplars which underlie the alexandrine text had been made .
## kings ## , the history of naboth , precedes ch .
## , so that ## and ## , which are excerpts from the same source , come together .
such discrepancies prove sufficient late editorial work to justify the assumption of two recensions .
the order in the masoretic text differs from that in the septuagint .
the extracts in chapter ## have been set and retouched by later editors .
from jeremiah , too , the exilic editor drew his information , which he presented in briefer form .
the numbering of the bible is usually considered to be fairly consistent throughout translations .
one set of translations regards chapter ## as ending at verse ## , while the other continues it for ## verses that are placed at the start of chapter ## in the first set .
this article will follow the numbering of the hebrew versions and the nab , i .
the duration of reigns for the kings of judah does not correspond correctly to their supposed times of accession compared to the reigns of the kings of israel .
the same issue , transposed , obviously applies to the kings of israel , and hence there are multiple different chronologies proposed for the period .
the king that the book of kings names as ahaz is claimed within it to reign for only ## years .
however , some of the events during his reign are recorded elsewhere , and have an almost absolute consensus as to their dates , requiring ahaz to have at least ruled between 735bc and 715bc , a period of ## years .
the name hadad and compounds of it occur at several locations within the text .
even more confusing is the fact that some passages refer to a single king of assyria by two different names , whereas others refer simply to the king of assyria in several places but are actually talking about ## separate historically attested kings , not the same individual .
it was common to drop the theophory in ordinary day to day life , so that , for example , daniel becomes simply dan .
as a consequence a number of scholars have proposed that this was a period in which judah and israel were united under one king , and by combining two different accounts of the same individual from the point of view of israel and of judah , the redactor of kings has split one historic set of individuals into two copies .
since her character and the manner of her death are described by the bible to be similar to jezebel , the possibility that jezebel is merely a descriptive slur or nickname for athaliah has been raised .
by equating the two , the genealogy can be simplified and a number of name duplications no longer occur .
the black obelisk of shalmaneser also refers to jehu as son of omri , rather than son of jehoshaphat as the bible would prefer it , especially since the bible portrays jehu as destroying the house of omri rather than helping perpetuate it .
jehu would in this situation be the wicked uncle who killed the rightful kings of israel and judah , attempting to usurp power , but only managing to hold onto israel , to which he had an ancestral claim .
the caste is also called sondi in andhra pradesh .
the caste is also spread in some parts of chattisgarh , bihar and west bengal .
most of the sundhis are well educated , particularly in andhra pradesh .
one of the rich sect in the upper coastal districts of andhra pradesh .
napoleon and russian emperor alexander i ally together against the british .
congress passes the embargo act in response to the orders in council .
archi is a caucasian language spoken by the ## , ## archis in the village of archi , southern dagestan , russia .
it contrasts a voiceless velar lateral fricative with voiceless and ejective velar lateral affricates .
note that all parabolic elements of are conjugate to this element .
that is , if is parabolic , then for some .
where is understood to mean the group generated by g .
areas of all cusp neighborhoods are equal to this , by the invariance of the area under conjugation .
the cooperative was organized in october ## , but due to world war ii never laid any new power lines .
the cooperative would relocate to clinton as a result of the purchase .
later , in october ## the cooperative would purchase ## .
in ## royce proposed what is now popularly referred to as the waterfall model as an initial concept , a model which he argued was flawed .
his paper then explored how the initial model could be developed into an iterative model , with feedback from each phase influencing previous phases , similar to many methods used widely and highly regarded by many today .
this article will use this popular meaning of the phrase waterfall model .
to follow the waterfall model , one proceeds from one phase to the next in a purely sequential manner .
when and only when the design is fully completed , an implementation of that design is made by coders .
towards the later stages of this implementation phase , disparate software components produced by different teams are integrated .
these components must be integrated together to produce the whole system .
then the software product is installed , and later maintained to introduce new functionality and remove bugs .
thus the waterfall model maintains that one should move to a phase only when its preceding phase is completed and perfected .
phases of development in the waterfall model are thus discrete , and there is no jumping back and forth or overlap between them .
an argument against agile development methods , and thus partly in favour of the waterfall model , is that in agile methods project knowledge is stored mentally by team members .
should team members leave , this knowledge is lost , and substantial loss of project knowledge may be difficult for a project to recover from .
with that said , agile methods do attempt to compensate for this .
as well as the above , some prefer the waterfall model for its simple and arguably more disciplined approach .
it is perhaps for this reason that the waterfall model is used as a beginning example of a development model in many software engineering texts and courses .
the waterfall model also requires that implementers follow the well made , complete design accurately , ensuring that the integration of the system proceeds smoothly .
the only criterion on which he rates a modified waterfall as poor is that it requires sophistication from management and developers .
that is , it may become clear in the implementation phase that a particular area of program functionality is extraordinarily difficult to implement .
if this is the case , it is better to revise the design than to persist in using a design that was made based on faulty predictions and that does not account for the newly discovered problem areas .
many of the details only become known to us as we progress in the implementation .
some of the things that we learn invalidate our design and we must backtrack .
thus the software project must be adaptable , and spending considerable effort in design and implementation based on the idea that requirements will never change is neither adaptable nor realistic in these cases .
for example , the design phase may need feedback from the implementation phase to identify problem design areas .
constant testing from the design , implementation and verification phases is required to validate the phases preceding them .
while all software development models will bear at least some similarity to the waterfall model , as all software development models will incorporate at least some phases similar to those used within the waterfall model , this section will deal with those closest to the waterfall model .
for models which apply further differences to the waterfall model , or for radically different models seek general information on the software development process .
this helps alleviate many of the problems associated with the big design up front philosophy of the waterfall model .
the album was the first to be produced by arthur lee , with assistance from bruce botnick .
originally , the album was to be produced by botnick and neil young , but young bowed out due to his commitments to buffalo springfield .
it did however reach the top ## in britain .
in ## q magazine readers voted forever changes the 82nd greatest album of all time .
rolling stone magazine ranked forever changes 40th in its list of the ## greatest albums of all time in the december ## , ## issue .
in a special issue of mojo magazine , it was ranked the second greatest psychedelic album of all time .
on february ## , ## , the town merged with another town and a village from the district forming the city of aso and no longer exists as an independent municipality .
in case of this town , it referred to the aso shrine of the higo province .
as of ## , the town had an estimated population of ## , ## and a density of ## .
as of ## december ## , it had a population of ## , ## and an area of ## .
the provincial capital is a r , situated on a ## , ## m .
a r is named after the nearby majestic mount ararat , a ## , ## m .
it can be climbed from here and can be seen from parts of armenia , iran , georgia , and azerbaijan .
the nearest town to the mountain is do ubeyaz t .
the plains are fertile , being covered in volcanic deposits , and are used for growing grains and grazing .
there are a number of important passes and routes through the mountains .
the plateau of a r was historically controlled by the kingdom of urartu until its transition to the orontid dynasty of the kingdom of armenia .
the area was coveted by many foreign invaders as a gateway between east and west .
it was conquered numerous times by assyrians , greeks , romans , byzantines , arabs , mongols , persians , and finally by the seljuq and ottoman turks .
the first turkish presence in the region was the brief occupation of the do ubeyaz t area by the saka in ## .
the first muslims in the area were the abbasids in ## .
the turkish hordes began to pass through in huge numbers following the defeat of the byzantine armies at malazgirt in ## , sometimes pursued by mongols .
the land was brought into the ottoman empire by sultan selim ii following the battle of chaldiran .
under ottoman rule , the area that is now the a r province mostly consisted of indigenous armenians and kurds .
the former lived fairly well until the hamidian massacres and the armenian genocide .
those armenians who managed to escape liquidation fled north to russian armenia .
turkish authorities suspect separatist pkk was behind the incident .
avobenzone has been shown to degrade significantly in light , resulting in less protection over time .
this degradation can be reduced by using a photostabilizer , like octocrylene .
avobenzone shows to degrade faster in light in combination with mineral uv absorbers like zinc oxide and titanium dioxide .
with the right coating of the mineral particles this reaction can be reduced .
manufacturers of avobenzone , like dsm recommend to include a chelator to prevent this from happening .
they also recommend to avoid the inclusion of iron and ferric salts , heavy metals , formaldehyde donors and paba and paba esters .
his grandfather , thomas patrick murray , had represented renfrew south for the liberals from ## to ## .
he defeated progressive conservative candidate bob cotnam by ## votes .
the progressive conservatives won a minority government in the election , and conway sat with his party in the opposition benches .
on march ## , ## , he was chosen as deputy leader of liberal party by david peterson , who had defeated sheila copps in a leadership convention the previous month .
in this capacity , he helped bring about a written pact in which the ndp offered support to the liberals for two years in return for certain progressive legislative initiatives .
the larger issue of denominational school funding remains extremely controversial in the province .
on june ## , ## , conway was also named acting ontario minister of government services , a position which he held until the dissolution of parliament in ## .
on september ## , ## , he was named government house leader and minister of mines .
following a cabinet shuffle on august ## , ## , he was again named minister of education , and also held the portfolios of minister of skills development and colleges and universities .
nonetheless , peterson called a snap provincial election in ## , and his party was resoundingly defeated by the ndp .
on september ## , ## , he was chosen as deputy leader of the official opposition .
conway did not contest the liberal leadership in ## .
the progressive conservatives under mike harris returned to government in the ## provincial election with a large majority .
conway was the early frontrunner to succeed lyn mcleod as party leader in ## , and surprised many by choosing not to run .
conway instead supporting dwight duncan , who finished fourth .
he continued to serve as deputy opposition leader until december ## , ## , when new party leader dalton mcguinty replaced him with joseph cordiano .
having spent more than half his life as an mpp , conway decided to retire before the ## provincial election .
the song has also been covered by many artists , notably willie nelson and eva cassidy .
they display strong magnetic fields and have strong silicon , strontium , and chromium spectral lines .
farris is a small community in atoka county , oklahoma .
it lies east of the county seat of atoka on highway ## near the border of the county .
the post office was established may ## , ## .
it was named for the first postmaster , john l .
on ## april ## , deforest presented ## short films made in the phonofilm process at the rivoli theater in new york city .
from ## to ## , case worked with earl i .
sponable and movie mogul william fox to develop the fox movietone process .
he is also a former editor at playboy magazine .
raha o is located at , between the dru and dnieper rivers .
alternative names are west indian whistling duck and cuban whistling duck .
it is largely sedentary , apart from local movements which can be ## km or more .
nests have been reported in tree cavities , on branches , in clumps of bromeliads , and on the ground under thatch palms and other dense bushes .
it habitually perches in trees , which gives rise to its specific name .
it has a long black bill , long head and longish legs .
it has a pale foreneck and light brown face .
the crown , back , breast and wings are dark brown to black , and the rest of the underparts are white with heavy black markings .
wetlands are a very limited habitat in the caribbean , with continuing conversion for development and agriculture .
predation is inadequately documented but may be a factor .
it is legally protected throughout much of its range , but law enforcement is inadequate .
behavior and natural history of the west indian whistling duck on long island , bahamas .
he came to fame in the late 1980s and has since retained a career as both a hollywood leading man and a supporting actor .
he was always an outgoing youngster , although he grew up with a stutter .
finding it easy to express himself on stage , willis began performing on stage and his high school memberships were marked by such things as the drama club and school council president .
rather than go to college after graduation , willis farmed sheep in a mining village in alabama , transporting work crews at the dupont chambers works factory in deepwater , new jersey .
he decided to quit after a colleague was killed on the job , and thereafter became a regular at several bars .
he enrolled in the drama program at montclair state college , where he was cast as brick in the class production of cat on a hot tin roof with jack prince as big daddy , william applegate as the doctor and kevin j .
the ambitious junior finally decided to leave school in pursuit of more lucrative movie roles by heading for new york city .
in ## , he produced the cartoon bruno the kid which featured a cgi representation of himself .
he went on to play the lead roles in twelve monkeys and the fifth element .
in ## , willis achieved what could be considered the biggest success of his career with his starring role in m .
willis has appeared in four movies with samuel l .
he is also currently working on the film black water transit alongside jackson due in ## .
he has finished filming the thriller perfect stranger , opposite halle berry , and will appear as a corrupt farmer in the film version of fast food nation .
he is now filming his return to the role of john mcclane in live free or die hard which is being directed by len wiseman .
on october ## , ## , willis was honored with a star of the hollywood walk of fame .
the star is located at ## hollywood boulevard and it is the 2321st star on the hollywood walk of fame .
willis was married to actress demi moore from november ## , ## to october ## , ## .
the couple gave no public reason for their breakup .
but there are people who interpret the bible literally .
some reports from military officials suggest that willis tried to enlist in the military to help fight the second iraq war , but he was turned away because of his age .
the film will follow members of deuce four , the 1st battalion , 24th infantry , who spent considerable time in mosul and were decorated heavily for it .
the film is to be based on the writings of blogger michael yon , a former united states army special forces green beret who was embedded with deuce four and sent regular dispatches about their heroics .
willis was one of few hollywood celebrities to publicly support the iraq war in ## .
he has endorsed every republican presidential candidate except bob dole in ## , because dole had criticized demi moore for her role in the movie striptease .
in february ## , willis appeared in manhattan to talk about his new movie ## blocks with reporters .
i want them to stop shitting on my money and your money and tax dollars that we give ## percent of .
i want them to be fiscally responsible and i want these goddamn lobbyists out of washington .
however , michael yon , a close friend of willis confirmed that this was not true .
bruce got back to me this morning saying the press has misconstrued his statements and that this is untrue .
bruce said in part , the linklater statements have been completely misconstrued , as usual by the media .
it s clear that some media are just attaching bruce s name to gain traction .
i will not talk about private communications so will keep this very brief by saying i know bruce s support for the troops is ongoing and , if anything , increasing .
in early ## , willis , who usually lives in los angeles , moved into an apartment located in the trump tower in new york city .
willis also has a home in malibu , ca , a ranch in montana and multiple properties in sun valley , idaho .
he filled in for an ill david letterman on his show february ## , ## , when he was supposed to be a guest .
willis signed his name on an ad in the los angeles times in support of israel , along with nicole kidman and numerous other hollywood elites .
in ## , he proposed that the united states should invade colombia in order to end the drug trafficking .
willis owns his own motion picture production company called cheyenne enterprises , as well as the mint bar and the liberty theater in hailey , idaho .
as of ## , the town has an estimated population of ## , ## and a density of ## .
their sound is a musical chimera of various influences brought into the mix by each individual of the band .
they source their inspiration from oasis , the calling , story of the year , the eagles , jason mraz , john mayer , dishwalla , our lady peace , my chemical romance and atreyu .
brian owns a couple of guitars , most of which are his experimental pieces he plays around with in his own time .
they are the ## epiphone les paul custom and a ## gibson sg .
soon is always seen at shows using a variety of different guitars .
besides the esp viper as his main piece , his on stage guitars include a ## epiphone riviera , ## fender stratocaster , ## fernandes vertigo x and a ## epiphone sg g400 .
moulton is a small village in the richmondshire district of north yorkshire in england .
it lies in a secluded valley between the villges of scorton and middleton tyas .
moulton hall is a 17th century manor house , it is maintained by the national trust , but owned by viscount eccles .
it is possible to gain admission for ## pence .
the village lies just to the east of the a1 , but access from the village has been restricted to southbound traffic only for several years .
motorists intending to travel north must head to scotch corner .
born in providence on march ## ## , he graduated from law school at northeastern university in ## and practiced law in providence .
he was a member to the state house of representatives from ## to ## , was assistant attorney general of rhode island from ## to ## and again from ## to ## , and was eventually elected lieutenant governor of rhode island in ## .
in ## he was elected to the united states senate as a democrat in a special election to replace j .
in the summer of ## , he delivered the keynote address at the democratic national convention in atlantic city , new jersey , which renominated lyndon b .
pastore served as the chairman of united states senate subcommittee on communications .
he is remembered for taking part in a ## hearing involving fred rogers regarding the funding of pbs and the corporation for public broadcasting .
in about five minutes of testimony , rogers spoke of the need for social and emotional education that public television provided .
is a ## movie considered a classic of the film noir genre .
disconcertingly , the police almost seem to have been expecting him and already know who he is .
after crossing paths at his hotel with a group from a sales convention , bigelow accompanies them on a night on the town .
he ends up at a jazz club , where unknown to him , a man wearing an overcoat and hat swaps his drink for another .
by the next morning , bigelow is feeling ill .
with only a short time to live , bigelow sets out to try to untangle the events behind his imminent demise , interrupted occasionally by phone calls from paula .
the murder involves gangsters and shady character , but the key to the mystery is a bill of sale for stolen iridium , which bigelow himself had unwittingly notarized .
bigelow tracks down and finds the person who had poisoned him , and shoots him to death in an exchange of gunfire .
the flashback comes to an end , and bigelow , now at the police station , dies .
born in dublin , devine joined london club arsenal in november ## as an apprentice .
a full back who preferred playing on the right , he made his debut for the gunners on april ## , ## , deputising for pat rice .
he played only ## games in his final two seasons at arsenal .
devine was capped for the republic of ireland at ever level , winning thirty caps in all , with thirteen of those coming for the senior side .
he made his senior debut on september ## , ## against czechoslovakia , and his last cap came against norway on october ## , ## .
he never played in a world cup or european championship finals , as ireland did not qualify for any tournaments during that time , although most of his caps were won in european and world cup qualifying games .
he then had a stint at stoke city , but after breaking his leg his career was effectively over .
start , before signing for shamrock rovers in ## .
he helped rovers to the fai cup final in ## before signing for indian side east bengals .
a stamp act is a law enacted by a government that requires a tax to be paid on the transfer of certain documents such as property deeds .
those that pay the tax receive an official stamp on their documents .
the tax raised , called stamp duty , was first devised in the netherlands in ## after a public competition to find a new form of tax .
a variety of products have been covered by stamp acts including playing cards , patent medicines , cheques , mortgages , contracts and newspapers .
the items often have to be physically stamped at approved government offices following payment of the duty although methods involving annual payment of a fixed sum or purchase of adhesive stamps are more practical and common .
n enjoyed a free press with satirical and seditious publications becoming more and more widely read .
as well as raising money the act was an attempt to limit the readership of such publications without invoking explicit censorship .
## stamp act in ## the act was renewed , although vigorously resisted , its tax on publications was eventually enforced .
in ## selling unstamped newspapers was made a criminal offence .
it placed a tax on legal documents such as contracts , licenses and wills , and on newspapers , playing cards and dice .
they protested also that the goal of the tax was explicitly to raise revenue , whereas the navigation laws were intended to maintain the system of mercantalism by which the empire managed its economy .
introduced by william pitt the younger who described stamp duty as a tax easily raised , pressing little on any particular class , especially the lower orders of society , and producing a revenue safely and expeditiously collected at small expense .
he pointed out that there had been no significant increases in stamp duty for some time and so practically doubled the tax .
stamp duty was first imposed on conveyances on sale .
duties in england and scotland were equalized for the first time .
newspaper stamp duty was increased to sixpence a page making papers unobtainable to all but the rich .
some publishers such as richard carlile defied the law and continued to publish their newspapers without charging the extra tax .
carlile was tried on charges of blasphemy and seditious libel in an attempt to close down his paper , the republican .
the poet william wordsworth worked as distributor of stamps for westmorland from this time until his death .
little is known of his official activities , but it seems from a government report that he was in charge of a large area and was prompt in the performance of his duties .
the men were often persecuted , being arrested and punished for contravention of the act .
sales of unstamped newspapers were vastly higher than legal news sources such as the times .
this lasted until ## when production of banknotes passed from the department to the bank of england .
in ## production of postage stamps passed to the post office .
the finance act ## introduced stamp duty reserve tax .
a public display of stamp office artefacts and records was held at the courtauld institute in ## to commemorate the three hundredth anniversary of the introduction of uk stamp duty .
uveitis requires an urgent referal and thorough examination by an ophthalmologist or optometrist , along with urgent treatment to control the inflammation .
this condition can occur as a single episode and subside with proper treatment or may take on a recurrent or chronic nature .
symptoms include red eye , injected conjunctiva , pain and decreased vision .
a myriad of conditions can lead to the development of uveitis , including systemic diseases as well as syndromes confined to the eye .
the type of uveitis , as well as its severity , duration , and responsiveness to treatment or any associated illnesses , all factor in to the outlook .
in addition topical cycloplegics , such as atropine or homatropine , may be used .
antimetabolite medications , such as methotrexate are often used for recalcitrant or more aggressive cases of uveitis .
the blackadder episode dish and dishonesty features an election scene which clearly owes a debt to this sketch .
sensible candidate james walker became jeannette walker , and silly candidate jethro q .
elsie zzzzzzzzzzzz was also referred to as mrs rather than mr .
they released a single album in ## , to hell and black , which was produced by mc ren of n .
dj train , who had worked with artists such as mc ren and j .
fad , died of smoke inhalation in a house fire on june ## , ## .
virgin islands has a long history , from the 1920s to the present day , serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live .
there is only one boy scouts of america local council in the united states virgin islands , eponymously named the virgin islands council .
originally part of the puerto rico and virgin islands council , the political entities were separated administratively in ## .
the boy scouts use the facility during two brief periods a year .
girl scouting in the united states virgin islands is administered by the girl scout council of the u .
virgin islands of the girl scouts of the u .
the bvi scout oath and law , as well as other scouting requirements , closely follow that of the united kingdom .
although the program activities are taken from the british system , bvi scouting is geared to the caribbean way of life .
training for wood badge and leader training are conducted with the help of british and nearby caribbean scout associations .
bvi scouts participate in numerous caribbean camps and events .
it was founded in ## and became affiliated to the international rugby board in ## while still the governing body for czechoslovakia .
ckwf is a radio station in peterborough , ontario , canada .
the station , launched in ## , broadcasts an active rock format branded as the wolf ## .
the studios are located in the heart of downtown peterborough at the corner of king st and george st .
a rederijker is a member of a chamber of rhetoric in flanders or the netherlands .
in ## , she appeared in the singing contest , comic relief does fame academy .
she lives in a manser medal award winning house in camberwell , south london .
she currently presents a weekend talk show on lbc ## .
his workbooks contained a strong psychological element of applied art therapy .
the british army had abandoned most of its equipment in france after the dunkirk evacuation .
over ## defensive lines were constructed around england , the ghq line being the longest and most important , designed to protect london and the industrial heart of england .
over ## pillboxes could still be seen on this section in ## .
bass effects are electronic devices used to modify the tone , pitch or sound or electric bass guitars .
effects can be housed in effects pedals , bass amplifiers , bass amplifier simulation software , and rackmount preamplifiers or processors .
while they are not used as often as guitar effects , bass effects still play an important role in many genres such as rock , metal , blues and funk .
there are several different types of distortion effects , each with distinct sonic characteristics .
either by using a vacuum tube , or by using simulated tube modelling techniques , the top of the wave form is compressed , thus giving a smoother distorted signal than regular distortion effects .
an equalizer adjusts the frequency response in a number of different frequency bands .
chorus uses a cycling , variable delay time that is short so that individual repetitions are not heard .
extremely long delay times form a looping pedal , which allows performers to record a phrase or passage and play along with it .
this allows a solo performer to record an accompaniment or ostinato passage and then , with the looping pedal playing back this passage , perform solo improvisations over the accompaniment .
a pitch shifter is a device that alters the pitch of the instruments .
taha is a graduate of the faculty of law at the university of khartoum and was known for his academic prowess .
he burst onto the nrl scene in ## at the age of ## .
he currently plays for the penrith panthers and is likely to get a lot more match time in the ## season .
he is also likely to be a key player for png at the ## world cup .
try to resolve problems at the onset before they can develop .
be flexible at the beginning of a crisis and look towards supportive allies .
do not cling to your own image of yourself .
by stepping back from the group , one can attain membership in a much larger group .
sometimes a cathartic flooding is necessary to resolve a situation .
the way you react to external forces will shape who you are more than the external forces themselves .
they featured ted bullit on lead vocals , later replaced by kev moore from the gonads for live work .
robert anasi , born in providence , rhode island in ## , is an american writer and journalist .
he is the author of the gloves , a nonfiction memoir of his experience boxing in the golden gloves competition .
he was an artist in residence at the macdowell colony in ## .
seymour enjoyed a distinguished career at newcastle until ## , when he left after a disagreement with club officials .
after leaving the club he became owner of a clothes shop and later a journalist .
however he had more influence on who could play than watt had during his time at the club .
the club won the fa cup in ## and retained it in ## whilst seymour was at the helm .
synaxarium , synaxarion , synexarium , synexarion , pl .
the menology of basil and the synaxarium of sirmond .
the notices given in the historical synaxaria are summaries of those in the great menologies , or collections of lives of saints , for the twelve months of the year .
as the lessons in the byzantine divine office are always lives of saints , the synaxarion became the collection of short lives of saints and accounts of events whose memory is kept .
the exact meaning of the name has changed at various times .
its first use was for the index to the biblical and other lessons to be read in church .
in this sense it corresponds to the latin capitulare and comes .
then the synaxarion was filled up with the whole text of the pericopes to be read .
synaxarion remained the title for the index to the other lessons .
without changing its name it was filled up with complete texts of these lessons in the same way .
the mere index of such lessons is generally called menologion heortastikon , a book hardly needed or used , since the typikon supplies all that is wanted .
certain metrical calendars extant in the middle ages were also called synaxaria .
the oldest historical synaxaria apparently go back to the tenth century .
there are a great number of medieval synaxaria extant in manuscript .
they are important for byzantine heortology and church history .
the short lives that form the lessons were composed or collected by various writers .
the account of the saint or feast is read in the orthros after the sixth ode of the canon .
it is printed in its place here , and bears each time the name synaxarion as title .
synaxarion then in modern use means , not the whole collection , but each separate lesson in the menaia and other books .
the publication of the arabic text of the synaxarium or the church of alexandria was started simultaneously by j .
basset in the patrologia orientalis , and that of the ethiopian synaxarium was begun by i .
the armenian synaxarium , called the synaxarium of ter israel , was published at constantinople in ## .
for a number of years they also obtained the services of bob kretschmer , until he was replaced by young guitarist paul gildea .
since ## icehouse has released seven albums , several compilations , and music from collaborations with other artists including dance companies .
the ## album man of colours was released at the apex of their fame and international success .
after signing to the regular festival records label , they released their first album icehouse in ## , which became a hit in australia .
the album made use of synthesisers , especially the sequential circuits prophet ## .
their next album release was primitive man , recorded with assistance from keith forsey , who later worked with simple minds .
after this album the band made further inroads into the u .
with this album , the band reached an international zenith , never surpassing this level of popularity and exposure again .
the musical score is a collection of cover versions of songs by david bowie , brian eno , simple minds , the psychedelic furs , frank sinatra , lou reed , roxy music , xtc , talking heads , the velvet underground , pil , the cure and killing joke , which saw him collaborating with pianist max lambert in the development of the music .
as well as recording the score to the ballet , davies performed these songs live with icehouse at each show .
he was an intrinsic part of the ballet , in a role similar to the one in boxes .
iva was extremely successful in creating a translation from the dancers to the audience .
berlin was an instant success and ran for two seasons .
both shows were the most commercially successful that the sydney dance company have had to date .
his position of choice is on the full back or wing .
st hilaire played for the england 7s team in the ## commonwealth games .
in total he made ## starts for leeds plus ## substitute appearances leading to a total of ## appearances .
he scored ## tries to give him a haul of ## points .
its origins are traditionally ascribed to the navy of the commonwealth of england , especially to general at sea robert blake who wrote the sailing and fighting instructions of ## .
the line of battle has the advantage over previous naval tactics in which ships closed on each other for individual combat that each ship in the line can fire its broadside without fear of hitting a friendly ship .
therefore in any given amount of time more shots can be fired by the entire fleet .
another advantage is that a relative movement of the line in relation to some part of the enemy fleet allows for a systematic concentration of fire on that part .
the line is at its most effective when moving perpendicular to the axis of movement of the enemy fleet , e .
from the mid 16th century the cannon gradually became the most important weapon in naval warfare , replacing boarding actions as the decisive factor in combat .
at the same time , the natural tendency in the design of galleons was for longer ships with lower castles , which meant faster , more stable vessels .
these newer warships could mount more cannon along the sides of their decks , concentrating their firepower along their broadside .
the united provinces , however , did not formalise it into an official doctrine .
in the summer of ## the dutch too wrote formal instructions .
that the english were still more competent in it was shown in the st .
the book circulated widely , including to naval officers .
at the battle of the saints in ## a british fleet under admiral rodney broke across the enemy line instead of keeping their own line intact at all costs .
whether this was deliberate , or indeed desirable , was and still is disputed .
the result was nevertheless hailed as the greatest victory since the seven years war .
british admirals , nelson amongst them , continued to develop offensive modifications to the simple line ahead tactic throughout the revolutionary and napoleonic wars .
but , in the very first years of the 16th century , the spanish writer alonso de chaves argued that even an approach to order was superior to none , and that , given the accidents of wind and tide , and given that the early means of injuring an enemy at a distance were nil , the advantage would rest with the one who took his precautions .
this truth was so obvious that it could not help but be universally accepted .
the governing principles were simple and were essentially sound .
the ships were arranged in a line , in order that each should have her broadside free to fire into the enemy without running the risk of firing into her own friends .
in order to remove the danger that they would collide and allow for a change of course in case of need , a space was left between them .
it was fixed at two cables that is , ## fathoms , or ## yards though less room was occasionally taken .
in a large fleet , the line was typically divided into three squadrons , or divisions , each under a subordinate admiral .
rather , one squadron usually remained under the direct command of the admiral of the fleet , one squadron was commanded by a vice admiral and one by a rear admiral , each of the three squadrons flying different coloured flags .
to reduce the number of men required to handle the sails , and leave them free to fight the guns , the ships fought under reduced canvas .
but it was necessary to retain the power to increase the speed of a ship rapidly .
with the wind blowing from behind they would take the wind out of one another s sails .
when the course had to be altered , the ships turned by tacking that is , head to wind or by wearing that is , stern to wind , either together or in succession .
to tack or wear a large fleet in succession was a very lengthy operation .
the second ship did not tack , or wear , till she had reached the place where the first had turned , and so on , down the whole line .
by tacking or wearing together the order of a fleet was reversed , the forward sqaudron becoming the rear , and the rear the van .
it must be remembered that a fleet was divided into squadrons , which kept their names even when the order was reversed .
orders were given by signals from the flagship , but as they could not always be seen by the ships in a line with her , frigates were stationed on the disengaged side of the line to repeat signals .
a main object which the admirals who drafted the british sailing and fighting instructions had before them was to obviate the risk that the enemy would double on one end of the line and put it between two fires .
it is obvious that if two fleets , a and b , are sailing , both with the wind on the starboard side , and the leading ship of a comes into action with the seventh or eighth of b , then six or seven leading ships of b s line will be free to turn and surround the head of a s line , a tactic known as doubling .
therefore , the orders enjoin on the admiral the strict obligation to come into action in such a way that his leading ship shall steer with the leading ship of the enemy , and his rear with the rear .
the regular method of fighting battles was thus set up .
as it was framed when the enemies kept in view were the dutch , who in seamanship , strategy and tactics and gunnery were fully equal to the british , its authors were justified in prescribing the safe course .
unhappily they added the direction that a british admiral was to keep his fleet , throughout the battle , in the order in which it was begun .
therefore he could take no advantage of any disorder which might occur in the enemy s lines .
the logic of the line of battle remained true even through many evolutions of naval technology in the 19th and early 20th century .
there was a brief period in the late 19th century when ramming became a popular method of attack , for instance at the battle of lissa or the battle of the yalu river , which both used markedly different tactics .
however , ramming fell out of fashion again , and by ## the line of battle was back , used in the battle of tsushima of ## , the battle of jutland in ## and finally in the the battle of surigao strait in ## .
during world war ii the development of aircraft carriers and the guided missile meant that gun engagements would never again be decisive .
its environment is now transformed by the construction of a mall .
born in walthamstow , london and raised in slough , bell moved to north yorkshire with his family in ## , where he trained as an artist at the teesside college of art as well as the university of leeds .
he was briefly an art teacher in birmingham before becoming a freelance cartoonist in ## .
in ## , he contributed a cartoon interpretation of the lyrics to ivan meets g .
he has won many awards for his work , including both the political and strip cartoon categories at the cartoon arts trust awards in ## .
many collections of his cartoons have been published , and he has also illustrated original books in collaboration with several authors .
he has made short animated films with bob godfrey , and a radio programme about the life of 18th century caricaturist james gillray .
he has also drawn the gremlins comic strip for the british comic jackpot .
in ## , he was listed in the observer as one of the ## funniest acts in british comedy .
like most cartoonists he uses running gags , and therefore seems funnier to regular than to occasional readers .
autoindex php script is a free , open source software package written in php .
it makes an index of a directory on a website and lets users access the files and subdirectories .
it includes a searching feature , file uploading , access logging , and file descriptions .
autoindex also acts as an online file manager though the use of an administration panel .
this allows someone who is logged in with an administrator account to upload , rename , and delete files .
version ## is compatible with both php ## and php ## .
the perfect storm is a ## film adapted from the book of the same title by sebastian junger .
the film was directed by wolfgang petersen and features george clooney , mark wahlberg , diane lane , karen allen and mary elizabeth mastrantonio .
in september ## the swordfishing boat andrea gail returns to home port in gloucester , massachusetts with a poor catch .
desperate for money the captain convinces his reluctant crew to join him for one more fishing expedition .
they head out past their usual fishing grounds , leaving a developing storm behind them .
they find great success at the flemish cap , but when their ice machine breaks the only way to preserve their catch is to hurry back home .
however between the andrea gail and gloucester is a confluence of ## powerful weather fronts and a hurricane .
the crew struggles to sail through pounding waves and shrieking winds , while friends and family worry and wait for a ship that may never come home .
the families of certain crew members disliked the movie and sued the producers in federal district court in florida .
court of appeals for the 11th circuit , which could not decide how to interpret the florida law at issue and certified the question to the florida supreme court .
berardinelli , james , the perfect storm film review , reelviews .
berardinelli , james , the perfect storm film review , reelviews .
in ## he graduated as an engineer from habarovsk institute of railway transport .
it aired on the bbc from ## to ## , and is popularly referred to as ab fab .
edina and saffy live in a house in holland park , with patsy spending most of her time there as well .
throughout , patsy is at her side encouraging the behaviours that are constantly causing her conflict .
a recurring gag found new ways for edina to fall headfirst out of cars , windows , or down her kitchen stairs at least once every series .
edwina margaret rose monsoon was born on ## august ## in london .
she owns a public relations firm whose only steady client is 1960s pop singer lulu , who is barely hanging on by a thread .
in later years , this was switched to model twiggy and former spice girl emma bunton , who also went to school with saffy .
in an early episode , edina says that she has always voted labour , but she notes her disdain for new labour in the fourth series .
she shares a codependent parasitic existence with her old schoolfriend eddy .
her mother was very promiscuous , and neglected patsy , treating her more as a rival than a daughter .
patsy also has an older sister , jackie , whom eddy abhors and who once tried to kill patsy .
she is the voice of reason , a thankless job in the monsoon household .
monsoon , is an average , sensible woman despised by her daughter but much loved by her granddaughter saffy .
after series three , however , her mental faculties begin to decline and she increasingly inhabits a strange world of her own .
however , after writing mirrorball , jennifer saunders decided she had more ideas , and on ## august ## the fourth series premiered .
a further series and three specials followed , the last of which aired on ## december ## .
the song was also sung by marianne faithfull and p .
this version does not appear on the new bbc video dvd release .
in addition to the official theme song , in ## , the pet shop boys recorded a song for comic relief using excerpts of dialogue from the series put to dance music .
the music video featured clips from the show and specially recorded footage of the pet shop boys with patsy and edina .
with its outlandish depictions of drug and alcohol abuse and irresponsible , irreverent , and frequently illegal behaviour , the series gained a large and loyal following , as well as attracting censure from various groups .
the programme was widely popular in britain , and gained noteworthy attention in other countries .
in the united states , absolutely fabulous has been broadcast on comedy central , pbs , bbc america , and since ## oxygen network as well .
in australia , all series were originally shown on the abc , and on cable it airs on uk .
repeats of the first three series were also shown on the seven network .
the abc continues to show it sporadically and shows christmas specials and occasional repeats of series five or six episodes .
in canada it airs on comedy network and since ## , cbc .
absolutely fabulous inspired a french feature film , called absolument fabuleux , in ## .
this was written and directed by gabriel aghion , and starred josiane balasko as eddie and nathalie baye as patsy .
jennifer saunders had a small cameo as a spectator at a fashion show .
a proposed american remake that would have starred carrie fisher was put into motion by roseanne barr but never got off the ground .
however , barr did incorporate many elements of the show into the final season of her eponymous show roseanne in which her character wins the lottery , even hiring saunders and lumley to reprise their absolutely fabulous characters edina and patsy in one episode .
the american sitcom cybill , although not directly intended as a remake , shared some elements of ab fabs comedic style .
mirrorball was a show written by saunders that featured a completely different plot and set of characters , but starred all of the main cast of absolutely fabulous .
the name was inspired by the ## meter wide , ## meter long catwalk in the concert hall from which the band played .
this unusual arrangement made it possible for the entire hall to see the band more or less equally .
percy jones is a welsh bass guitarist , and was a member of brand x from ## to ## .
high school is a high school in lithonia , georgia .
it opened in august , ## , as a high school in the dekalb school system .
musicip is a music search engine which uses an algorithm for generating unique acoustic fingerprints .
while the technology required to create fingerprints is proprietary , identifying tracks against the existing fingerprint database can be done freely through the musicdns service .
the new york rangers won the stanley cup beating the montreal maroons becoming the first united states based team since the formation of the nhl to win it and first since the seattle metropolitans won in ## .
it was originally retired in favour of the prince of wales trophy .
the ottawa senators , by far the smallest market in the league , were affected by franchises in the u .
and , thus , escalating salaries , and were in financial trouble as a result and requested a bigger road receipt from the other teams .
part of the problem was that fans in ottawa tended to only attend games with canadian opponents .
he scored ## goals and led the league in assists as well .
in the american division , the new york rangers knocked off the pittsburgh pirates in a rough series , and then beat boston to go to the finals against the montreal maroons .
the circus knocked the rangers out of madison square garden , and all games would be played in the montreal forum , even though boston offered to host the rangers .
drama took over in game two when nels stewart fired a hard shot that struck new york goaltender lorne chabot in the eye .
he could not continue , and the rangers needed a goaltender .
however , when coach eddie gerard refused to let the rangers use alex connell or minor league goaltender hugh mccormick , lester patrick , ranger coach , in anger , decided to don the pads himself .
in overtime , frank boucher got the winner for the rangers and they carried patrick , tears streaming down his eyes , off the ice .
however , frank boucher starred as the rangers took the next two games , and the stanley cup .
drama almost took place in the final game when miller was badly cut on a shot , but he was able to continue .
the crowd became unruly at times and referee mike rodden took abuse for disallowed goals by maroon players .
even nhl president frank calder was a target of some fans for not intervening .
the rangers became the second american team to win the cup and the first nhl american team .
the route , which opened may ## , ## , runs between downtown portland and the portland expo center .
it is also known as the interstate max because the majority of the line runs along interstate avenue in north portland .
trimet then learned that a majority of the residents of north portland had voted in favor of the original plan , so they decided to build this new line without using city funds .
to do this , they convinced the city of portland to create an urban renewal district along the proposed line , which made them eligible for matching federal funds with which they could finance the construction of the max line .
the presence of the line has also caused a great deal of redevelopment along its corridor .
the yellow line will move to the portland transit mall once max tracks are put in there .
rownd a rownd is a television series on s4c .
it was originally based on young people with paper rounds , but has since grown to include both their daily school and family life .
left orphaned at six , he was raised by a pious aunt .
on the completion of his education he spent some years in the service of the sick in the hospitals .
while he was studying civil and canon law in siena , he worked in the hospital of santa maria della scala throughout the bubonic plague outbreak of ## and even urged other young men to stay and help .
he thus caught the plague , of which he nearly died .
in ## or ## , he joined the franciscan order in the strict branch called observant , of which he became one of the chief promoters , after donating all his possessions to the poor .
about ## saint vincent ferrer , while preaching at alessandria in piedmont , foretold that his mantle should descend upon one who was then listening to him , and said that he would return to france and spain leaving to bernardino the task of evangelizing the remaining peoples of italy .
nearly twelve years passed before this prediction was fulfilled .
during this period , of which we have no details , bernardino seems to have lived in retirement in the convent on the hill of capriola , near siena .
for more than ## years bernardino preached all over italy , and played a great part in the religious revival of the early fifteenth century .
it was said that feuds and factionalism were reconciled by his counsel and that miracles took place .
in ## , he preached every day for seven weeks in siena .
in ## he was summoned to rome to stand trial on charges of heresy , with theologians including paulus venetus present to give their opinions .
bernardino was found innocent of heresy , and he impressed pope martin v sufficiently that martin requested he preach in rome .
he was acquitted and thereupon preached every day for ## days .
a typical sermon , would last for an hour long , but some lasted for more than four .
that same year , he was offered and declined the bishopric of siena in order to maintain his monastic and evangelical activities .
in ## , he toured tuscany , lombardy , romagna , and ancona before returning to siena to prevent a war against florence .
also in ## , he declined the bishopric of ferrara , and in ## he declined the bishopric of urbino .
saint john capistran was his friend , and saint james of the marches was his disciple during these years .
both pope martin v and pope eugene iv were urged by their cardinals to condemn bernardino , but both almost instantly acquitted him .
soon after he withdrew again to capriola to compose a series of sermons .
this cut back his opportunities to preach , but he continued to speak to the public when he could .
despite a papal bull issued by eugene iv in ## and which charged bernardino to preach the indulgence for the crusade against the turks , there is no record of his having done so .
in ## , notwithstanding his increasing infirmities , bernardino , desirous that there should be no part of italy which had not heard his voice , set out to the kingdom of naples .
he died that year at aquila , in the abruzzi .
according to the tradition , his grave continued to leak blood until two factions of the city achieved reconciliation .
reports of miracles attributed to bernardino multiplied rapidly and bernardino was canonized in ## , only six years after his death , by pope nicholas v .
his feast day in the roman catholic church is may ## , day of his death .
bernard had been to the cistercians , their principal support and indefatigable propagator .
in addition to the number he received into the order , bernardino himself founded , or reformed , at least three hundred convents of friars .
not content with extending his religious family at home , bernardino sent missionaries to different parts of the orient and it was largely through his efforts that so many ambassadors from different schismatical nations attended the council of florence in which we find the saint addressing the assembled fathers in greek .
after his death , the franciscans promoted an iconographical program of diffusion of images of bernardino , which was second only to that of the founder of the order .
it is thought probable that many subsequent depictions of the saint derive from this portrait .
in the 15th century , the catholic church began to respond to the pressures both of the multiple heresies that had spread throughout southern france and northern italy and the challenge of protestantism .
as martin luther emphasized the direct participation of the laity in the divine and the importance of the sermon , the monastic orders , in particular , reformed .
instead of remaining cloistered and speaking only the liturgy , some , like bernardino of siena , attempted to preach directly to the public .
the effect was both to stem the inroads of protestant evangelism and to make the populace more aware of orthodox dogma .
the first edition of his works , for the most part elaborate sermons , was printed at lyon in ## .
he was made a free robot with the rights of a human citizen in ## for his loyal services during the first robot war .
this was an effort by the writers to kill him off when judge dredd stories were becoming grittier and more mature .
however , the character was brought back by john wagner several years later .
arrested by rookie judge giant and sentenced to thirty years , he was paroled by dredd in ## and now lives with mrs gunderson .
born cyvia or miriam ramberg in warsaw , poland , she also used a number of other names , including rambach , rambam .
between ## and ## she collaborated with les ballets russes led by sergei diaghilev .
in ## she moved to the united kingdom , where in ## she founded her own ballet school .
in ## she created her own ballet company called marie rambert dancers .
currently named ballet rambert , it is the oldest still active ballet company on british isles .
it is part of russia and is its largest island , administered as part of sakhalin oblast .
southern sakhalin , the kuril islands , and northern japan were the indigenous lands of the ainu peoples before they were displaced by force .
flint implements , like those found in siberia , have been found at dui and kusunai in great numbers , as well as polished stone hatchets , like european examples , primitive pottery with decorations like those of the olonets , and stone weights for nets .
among the indigenous people of sakhalin are the ainu and the nivkh , as well as others .
chinese chronicled the xianbei and hezhe tribes , who had a way of life based on fishing .
a japanese settlement in the southern end of sakhalin of ootomari was established in ## in a colonialization attempt .
the ## nerchinsk treaty between russia and china , which defined the stanovoy mountains as the border , made no explicit mention of the island .
nevertheless russia started occupying the island , with an army made up of convicts , from the 18th century onwards .
the qing empire also claimed sovereignty over the island .
however , as the chinese governments did not have a military presence on the island , people from both japan and russia attempted to colonise the island , albeit from different ends .
both , however , regarded it as a peninsula , and were unaware of the existence of the mamiya strait or strait of tartary , which was discovered in ## by mamiya rinzo .
on the basis of it being an extension of hokkaid , geographically and culturally , japan unilaterally proclaimed sovereignty over the whole island in ## , as well as the kuril islands , as there were competing claims from russia .
russia also agreed to dismantle its military base at ootomari .
in august ## , according to yalta conference agreements , the soviet union took over the control of sakhalin .
the soviet attack on south sakhalin started on ## august ## , as a part of operation august storm , four days before the surrender of japan , after the bombing of hiroshima .
the 56th rifle corps consisting of the 79th rifle division , the 2nd rifle brigade , the 5th rifle brigade and the ## armored brigade attacked the japanese 88th division .
although the red army outnumbered the japanese by a factor of three , they were unable to advance due to strong japanese resistance .
actual fighting , mostly petty skirmishes , continued until ## august .
from ## august to ## august , most of the remaining japanese units announced a truce .
the soviets completed the conquest of sakhalin on ## august ## by occupying the capital , toyohara .
japanese sources claim that ## , ## civilians were killed during the invasion .
no final peace treaty has been signed and the status of four neighbouring islands remains disputed .
however , japan has granted mutual exchange visas for japanese and ainu families divided due to russian occupation .
recently , economic and political cooperation has gradually improved between the two nations in spite of it .
on may ## ## , an earthquake measuring ## .
## on the richter scale occurred , killing ## , ## people in the town of neftegorsk .
the clays , which contain layers of good coal and an abundant fossil vegetation , show that during the miocene period sakhalin formed part of a continent which comprised north asia , alaska and japan , and enjoyed a comparatively warm climate .
the pliocene deposits contain a mollusc fauna more arctic than that which exists at the present time , indicating probably that the connection between the pacific and arctic oceans was broader than it is now .
three other small streams enter the wide semicircular gulf of aniva or higashifushimi bay at the southern extremity of the island .
the native inhabitants consist of some ## , ## nivkhs , ## oroks , ## evenks and some yakuts .
the nivkhs in the north support themselves by fishing and hunting .
owing to the influence of the raw , foggy sea of okhotsk , the climate is very cold .
at dui the average yearly temperature is only ## .
the whole of the island is covered with dense forests , mostly coniferous .
bears , foxes , otters and sables are numerous , as also the reindeer in the north , and the musk deer , hares , squirrels , rats and mice everywhere .
transport , especially by sea , is an important segment of the economy .
the ports of korsakov and kholmsk are the largest and handle all kinds of goods , while coal and timber shipments often go through other ports .
in ## , a ferry service was opened between the ports of korsakov and wakkanai , japan .
sakhalin has railway lines stretching from nogliki in the north to korsakov in the south .
sakhalin is connected by regular flights to moscow , khabarovsk , vladivostok , and other cities of russia .
there are also charter flights to the japanese cities of tokyo , niigata , and sapporo and the chinese cities of shanghai , dalian , and harbin .
the city was formerly served by alaska airlines from anchorage , petropavlovsk and magadan .
the idea of building a fixed link between sakhalin and the russian mainland was first mooted in the 1930s .
in the 1940s , an abortive attempt was made to link the island via a ## km long undersea tunnel .
it was claimed that construction work could begin as early as ## .
there are also some coal deposits and limited quantities of rye , wheat , oats , barley and vegetables are grown , although the growing season averages less than ## days .
following the collapse of the soviet union and economic liberalization , sakhalin has experienced an oil with extensive petroleum exploration and mining by most large oil multinationals .
the second consortium , sakhalin energy investment company ltd .
the oil and gas is also bound for east asian markets .
sakhalin ii has come under fire from environmental groups , namely sakhalin environment watch , for dumping dredging material in aniva bay .
the groups were also worried about the offshore pipelines interfering with the migration of whales off the island .
after a doubling in the projected cost , the russian government threatened to halt the project for environmental reasons .
in ## , the oil and gas industry accounted for ## .
by ## , the island had become the largest recipient of foreign investment in russia , followed by moscow .
the village is located along the east coast highway and is about ## miles from georgetown and about ## miles from mahaica .
it also consists of the village of bee hive .
as a result of migration , many new houses have been constructed near the public road , also known as the east coast highway .
this village is well known for having friendly people , and racial disturbances do not occur .
just after it was completed , the first version was damaged by fire in his studio , subsequently restored , and acquired by the kunsthalle bremen .
after changing ownership several times , it was finally donated to the metropolitan museum of art in ## .
in january ## , the painting was defaced when a former metropolitan museum of art guard glued a picture of the september ## , ## , terrorist attacks to it .
washington is emphasized by an unnaturally bright sky , while his face catches the upcoming sun .
the colors consist of mostly dark tones , as is to be expected at dawn , but there are red highlights repeated throughout the painting .
foreshortening , perspective and the distant boats all lend depth to the painting and emphasize the boat carrying washington .
the historically accurate flag would have been the grand union flag , officially hoisted by washington himself on january ## , ## at cambridge , massachusetts , as the standard of the continental army and the first national flag .
there are phantom light sources besides the upcoming sun , as can be seen on the face of the front rower and shadows on the water , to add depth .
the crossing took place in the dead of night , so there ought to have been no natural light at all , but this would have made for a very different painting .
the river is modeled after the rhine , where ice tends to form in crags as pictured , not in broad sheets as is more common on the delaware .
the first match was played on may 28th , the last on september 10th .
by the end of the season it was in first place .
the next year traktor was to play in the group a , where the leader was dynamo from rostov .
## traktor was the third in its group , which was led by dynamo from rostov and krasnodar .
## club started as traktor in class b of ussr championship .
that year rostselmash was first out of ## in its zone .
and in the final round it was the first by playing the additional match for the first place against terek grozny .
next season rostselmash started in the second group of class a .
## rostselmash played in the 2nd group of the class a for the first time and the season was unlucky .
rostov club finished it in the last , 32nd place .
only because the number of teams for the next season in group had been increased rostselmash stayed in the class a .
in ## some new players were introduced to the club .
## after a break rostselmash returned to ussr championship , which had changed its format .
after the first half of the season rostselmash was in the 3rd place .
but by the end of the championship it was in 8th place .
the gigantic plant with the same name as the club helped the team .
however , during the next ten years rostselmash could not reach this target .
in some years , the club fell only one point short of reaching the first league .
rostselmash was the leader in the 3rd zone of the 2nd league , but always came second .
the secret is that it was the most powerful zone in the 2nd league .
it was a surprise when rostselmash won the zone in ## , nobody had believed they could do it before the season .
the main leaders were terek grozny and sokol saratov .
these teams had good players and they represented rich provinces .
in the first half of the championship these teams were defeated by rostselmash , which played away matches .
especially surprising result was in grozny , where terek was know for its defence .
rostselmash has gained momentum that year which they did not lose for the whole championship .
they went for ## straight games without a loss .
only in the end of the championship rostselmash lost the match against druzhba in maykop .
the draw was the worst that one can imagine .
two clubs from uzbekistan could stand shoulder to shoulder .
the key to success of winning this tournament was first match of rostselmash vs zvezda .
the next step in the tournament was like the first .
rostselmash had won ## matches of ## and got into the first league .
the most important thing was to let them forget about always coming in second place .
this tactic played a great role not only in home but also in away matches in spite of the defence of the opponent .
## the debut of rostselmash in the first league was successful .
the club has been preparing for this in the second league for ## years .
rostselmash was in the 7th place and scored ## goals .
that was the most goals scored in the league .
if the club scored three goals more , then it would have beaten the record set in ## by karpati lvov .
some leading players left the team , head coach was replaced in ## .
it was the best season of rostselmash in ussr championship .
in home matches rostselmash had no losses and conceded only ## goals .
rostselmash fought bravely for promotion almost until the very end of the season .
so , year ## the first russian championship began on march 29th , ## .
because of that , rostselmash has played only the last four home games of the season at its native stadium .
among the games played at ska was the first match of the season played against shinnik yaroslavl .
the goal which had been scored on the 27th minute of the match by aleksandr tikhonov became the first russian championships goal .
## this season was the worst for rostselmash in all of its russian history .
one of the reasons was that there had not been enough good players .
it was impossible to find players who could replace them .
but in the second half andreyev , parovin and tatarkin returned and helped the club .
for the first ## games of the second half rostselmash was on the same level as its opponents , but the most important matches were the two last games of the championship in moscow against spartak and dynamo .
rostselmash did not take any points in those matches .
rostselmash and ocean had the same number of points , but rostov club had fewer wins .
so , it had to start in the first league for the next year .
petesburg was the main club which had been counted as one of two teams to win this championship .
besides , chernomorets from novorossiisk with oleg dolmatov as head coach was showing good footbal and have already knocked at the door of the highest league .
also asmaral from moscow , luch and ocean from far east .
baltika , which was one of the pretenders on the highest league during season , had not been counted such before season .
we had a lot of losts in the club .
but the main loss was our goalkeeper evgeny krukov , who had helped a lot .
we did not wait for that he would choose another club .
we were searching for another good goalkeeper until the second round .
football championship is not only the competition of the clubs but also of the biggest cities .
our samenamed plant rostselmash refused to help us because of the own problems .
the monument should be put on the stadium to the players .
i think it wasn t occasionally that such players as andrey redkin , sergey dementev , mikhail kupriyanov from moscow , vitaliy papadopulo , alexander vorobjev had come to our club .
i heard that some people were saing that rostselmash hadn t wanted to get into the highest league , that in club there had been a lot of old players , who didn t want to play in highest league .
but this old playears were the main force to get into the highest league .
during last two seasons rostselmash fount its game , partners understood each other , the game was with elements of force .
this game we shall show next season as our visiting card together with alexander maslov , dmitriy loskov , andrey redkin .
but also the old players can make a lot .
the race together with baltika needed a lot of physics and moral forces .
it was clear , the we had to strength two or three points on the playing field .
rostov club had to search for new players again .
club got new goalkeeper , who had played for the national team of georgia akakiy devadze .
ulgushov invited three new defenders , who had played in the highest league before .
the are golubkin from tolyatti he had played in rostselmash earlier , eshenko from volgograd and player of the spartak moscoe ananko club rented him .
sergey andreev who had been the captain of rostselmash changed his title for head coach .
alexey gerasimenko , gradilenko , vladislav prudius have entered the club this year .
alexander maslov beacme the best forward of the championship .
igor khankeev , vladimir savchenko , mikhail kupriyanov and oleg pestryakov has entered the club .
durin all the season rostselmash was in the middle of the championship s table .
in this year rostselmash was scored the ## goal .
this season was the best of all russian championships for rostselmash .
and also were new players sergey kolotovkin , anatoliy bessmertniy , dmitriy kirichenko .
the first time of all its history rostselmash got the right to play in euro cups for beginning in intertoto cup .
rostselmash couldn t defeat this club of corse , but the club had gotten great thanks .
everybody knews such results of playing in intertoto cup uralmash , tekstilshik , kamaz has left the highest division after it .
even rotor volgograd and torpedo moscow couldn t reach such results after intertoto cup .
fc rostselmash participated in uefa intertoto cup for the second time and failed to pass through aj auxerre from france .
anatoly baydachny , who came on his place , also didn t reach much .
the white spot in fc rostselmash was dmitry kirichenko , who scored ## goals .
but he left for psc cska after this season .
the administration put the task to get the medals .
but the first circle showed than team has a lot of problems .
as the result fc rostselmash got finance and moral crisis .
the gubernator of rostov region vladimir chub advised ivan savvidi to lead the club .
the club had no more financial problems , got two new strong legionaries , returned alexandr maslov to team .
the result of the season stayed in the league , but wasn t higher than ## position for the first time during last ## seasons .
in ## club was renamed in honour of its city and got their best achievement in russia .
this match was followed by a series of games without a single win .
two days later club chairman ivan savvidi again appointed balakhnin as head coach .
club has occupied ## places showing bad play , what antipathy to rooters .
on december ## , ## sergey balakhnin was sacked again and replaced by gennady stepushkin , a former rostselmash defender .
in the first ## games , fc rostov got only one point .
in july ## ashworth moved to coach skonto riga and was replaced by valeri petrakov who coached fc moskva before that .
in the first four games under petrakov rostov took only one point , and he was fired and replaced by sergei balakhnin , who will have his fourth stint as a head coach of the club .
some days later , ivan savvidi also resigned as the president .
the club signed some good players , who , especially striker maxim buznikin , helped the club to get ## points in ## games and to stay away from relegation .
buznikin , who scored ## goals in ## games , was voted player of the year by rostov supporters .
it is owned by el camino communications which had purchased the station from simmons media group in early ## .
the college enrolls young men of character and ability who will benefit from a rigorous and traditional liberal arts curriculum .
indeed , knowing how to write well makes one invaluable to any workplace or organization .
hampden lost his life in the battle of chalgrove field during the english civil war .
sydney , who wrote discourses concerning government , was beheaded by order of charles ii following a failed attempt to overthrow the king .
the college was founded by alumni and people affiliated with princeton university .
these proponents of religious and civil liberties were much admired by the founders of the college , all of whom were active supporters of the cause of american independence .
both patrick henry and james madison were elected trustees in the founding period before classes began .
samuel stanhope smith , was subsequently the president of the college of new jersey , which is currently princeton university .
smith hired many faculty members from the college of new jersey .
in fact , the college s website states that in its first fifty years the college prospered and gained the respect of the public and of the educational world .
during this time , the college constructed new buildings using federal style architecture .
this is the style of architecture still used on the campus .
mcclellan on the condition that they return to their studies .
the campus is host to numerous federal style buildings .
part of the campus has been designated as a national historic preservation zone .
the campus has recently undergone major construction and renovation .
in ## a new fitness center was completed in kirby field house .
during the summer of ## , a new parking lot was constructed behind the alphabet dorms .
as of july ## , the college s new library was halfway through construction .
the new library is expected to be open for the fall ## semester .
the field is scheduled to be completed in august ## .
the rest come from ## other states and ## different countries .
each club is run by the students themselves and the clubs come in a large variety .
for example , there are political clubs , sports clubs , religious clubs , a pep band , and multiple social fraternities .
there are also volunteer groups such as the local volunteer fire department .
for freshmen rush begins in the first semester and pledging takes place in the spring .
freshmen are required to live in one of three dorms which are set aside for freshmen .
these dorms are cushing hall , the carpenter dormitories , and the whitehouse quadrangle .
sophomores , juniors , and seniors have the option of living in any of the other dorms that they choose .
vice president of human resources , amf bowling worldwide , inc , class of ## .
representative from virginia , current president of christopher newport university , class of ## .
classes were not cancelled fall ## during hurricane isabel , although the power was out across campus .
the society was established september ## , ## and has been in operation since .
huining fu was a prefecture in the shangjing region of manchuria .
the site of the ruins is a national historic reserve and many of the artifacts found there are on display in nearby harbin .
nagavarma i was a great jain writer who prospered under the paronage of the ganga kings .
he was a kannada author of romances in the 10th century , notably the classic karnataka kadambari , pioneering the technique of portraying romantic narratives in the champu form .
he worked as a general practitioner in partnership with dr .
julian tudor hart , at glyncorrwg in the afan valley , south wales .
the castle of antoing first belonged to the powerful melun family , then passed in ## to the princes de ligne by inheritance .
the ligne family also owns the magnificient castle of beloeil in the same province .
it addresses the subject of female circumcision , a common practice in most african countries .
san rafael airport is a private airstrip in san rafael , california , usa , north of san francisco .
prior permission from the owner is required for landing .
it is based on mna v ## , a partial skull including the occipital region , a partial left jugal , a fragment of the lower jaw including two preserved teeth and the impression of a third , and other fragments .
at the time , it was the oldest known pterosaur specimen from the western hemisphere .
kevin padian , who described it , did not assign it to any family or suborder within pterosauria , but did note that the jugal was unlike that of pterodactyloids , and so may have belonged to a rhamphorhynchoid .
a bone from the wing of another pterosaur from the same formation may have also belonged to a rhamphorhynchoid , with a wingspan of about ## .
he regained the seat in the ## elections , and retained it in the ## elections , but in the ## elections , he was defeated again by dianne yates .
it is part of the canton of wiltz , which is part of the district of diekirch .
as of ## , the town of heiderscheid , which lies in the centre of the commune , has a population of ## .
other towns within the commune include eschdorf and merscheid .
the truncations chris , christo , christoph , and christy are also used as names .
christopher awdry , author of the railway series , son of the rev .
christopher tolkien , author , editor , son of the lord of the rings author j .
christopher george latore wallace , american rapper , notorious b .
in fact , a wick rotation emphasizes the similarities .
born in kingston , jamaica on july ## , ## , michael rose was fortunate enough to be introduced to music as a teenager by his older brother joseph .
blessed with an outstanding voice , michael rose would regularly meet in kingston with singers , musicians , writers , and producers such as dennis brown , big youth , the wailers , gregory isaacs , sly and robbie , and others .
he led them to international success in the early 1980s , having written most of their popular material .
it would also appear that , in general , the music was not released in the order of recording .
in august ## , rose was reported arrested in miami airport by us marshalls in a case of mistaken identity .
although he was released , it resulted in rose losing his us work permit .
yet , in spite of his reunion with black uhuru , michael rose still tours , records and releases material as a solo artist .
at the close of voting , it had received ## points , placing 11th in a field of ## .
he graduated from brown college in ## , tutored there until ## , and then left to study law in windham , connecticut .
starkweather was admitted to the ohio bar association in columbus in ## .
starkweather moved to cleveland soon after and joined the cleveland grays in ## , where he took a prominent position in cleveland politics .
starkweather helped establish the first high school in cleveland .
starkweather married julia judd on june ## , ## .
their ## children were sarah , samuel , william , and julia .
he lived in utah in the 1940s and upon the outbreak of world war ii joined the united states army at a recruiting station in the pleasant grove .
the 3rd infantry division , which was under the command of major general john w .
on january ## , ## , the 3rd infantry division began its second offensive against siegfried line positions south of zweibrucken .
it went from kleve on the border with the netherlands , along the western border of the old german empire as far as the town of weil am rhein on the border to switzerland .
on january ## , ## , valdez was on patrol with ## of his fellow soldiers in the vicinity of rosenkrantz , france , when unexpectedly they confronted an enemy counterattack .
an enemy tank was headed towards the patrol and valdez , upon his own inactive , opened fire against the tank with his automatic rifle , action which made the tank withdrawal .
after valdez killed ## enemy soldiers in a firefight , the germans ordered a full attack and sent in two companies of infantrymen .
valdez offered to cover the members of his patrol when the platoon leader ordered a withdrawal .
he fired upon the approaching enemy and his patrol members were able to reach american lines .
valdez was wounded and was able to drag himself back to american lines , however , he soon died from his wounds .
army , company b , 7th infantry , 3rd infantry division .
he was on outpost duty with ## others when the enemy counterattacked with overwhelming strength .
from his position near some woods ## yards beyond the american lines he observed a hostile tank about ## yards away , and raked it with automatic rifle fire until it withdrew .
soon afterward he saw ## germans stealthily approaching through the woods .
scorning cover as the enemy soldiers opened up with heavy automatic weapons fire from a range of ## yards , he engaged in a fire fight with the attackers until he had killed all ## .
the enemy quickly launched an attack with ## full companies of infantrymen , blasting the patrol with murderous concentrations of automatic and rifle fire and beginning an encircling movement which forced the patrol leader to order a withdrawal .
valdez immediately volunteered to cover the maneuver , and as the patrol ## by ## plunged through a hail of bullets toward the american lines , he fired burst after burst into the swarming enemy .
three of his companions were wounded in their dash for safety and he was struck by a bullet that entered his stomach and , passing through his body , emerged from his back .
overcoming agonizing pain , he regained control of himself and resumed his firing position , delivering a protective screen of bullets until all others of the patrol were safe .
by field telephone he called for artillery and mortar fire on the germans and corrected the range until he had shells falling within ## yards of his position .
he died later as a result of his wounds .
through his valiant , intrepid stand and at the cost of his own life , pfc .
valdez made it possible for his comrades to escape , and was directly responsible for repulsing an attack by vastly superior enemy forces .
valdez was buried with full military honors in the santa fe national cemetery located in santa fe , new mexico .
the local government of new mexico also honored his memory by designating a section of u .
## in san juan county as pfc jose f .
lakai was established in ## by mike carroll and rick howard .
they wanted to make products the team would be proud of and kept an atmosphere that was supportive and motivating .
while it was a risk , they felt like they owed it to skateboarding and skateboarders to take that risk .
it describes not only an action , but also a general attitude .
one then releases the clothing in varying degrees of flamboyance .
taylor parkes is a british journalist , born in ## .
he is best known for his music journalism which appeared in melody maker from ## to ## , notable for a style which mixed dark humour , especially in bitterly critical pieces , with an intellectual tone , influenced by the likes of simon reynolds and paul morley .
as of ## , the city had an estimated population of ## , ## and the density of ## , ## .
too careful ep is the second release by the australian rock band end of fashion .
he is also a member of the electronic music group faithless , which he formed in ## with sister bliss , jamie catto and maxi jazz .
in ## , rollo founded cheeky records and released two records before it folded a year later because of his lack of business knowledge .
at that time , no one had any idea about the man hiding behind the felix handle .
not until several months later , it was eventually revealed that it was rollo who had produced this engrossing club classic .
later in ## , in a bbc radio ## interview with pete tong rollo revealed , that he was paid only ## pounds to do the track .
it is currently planned for a ## release , but is subject to change .
this allows it to observe and fire upon the ground ahead , while the hull is protected from enemy fire behind hard cover .
the actual protecting rise of ground may be hundreds of metres long .
combat engineering vehicles often accompany armoured vehicles as they manouvere to dig tank scrapes , as they can accomplish the task more quickly .
after cresting , the thin top armour may be exposed while it moves down the forward slope .
if an antitank gunner has spotted the afv , he may train his sights on it and wait for an easy shot while it moves forward .
if crossing a long crest is unavoidable , the vehicle will first back down and jockey at least ## metres across the covered back of the slope , before advancing over the crest at high speed .
an enemy gunner will have little time to locate the target , train his sights on it , and take the shot .
a vehicle with a relatively small range of gun depression may have to drive up onto an exposed crest or forward slope to be able to fire on lower ground to the front .
notably , soviet and russian tanks after world war ii have very low profiles , but pay for this advantage by having a poor range of gun depression .
their low turret roof stops the rising gun breech when the muzzle is depressed .
this disadvantage was deemed acceptable , since soviet armoured doctrine emphasized the massed attack with local superiority in numbers .
soviet tactics also emphasis the use of tanks on the defense in the mobile counter attack role , rather than engaging an enemy advance from relatively fixed positions .
this radical , specialized design was created for its hypothetical defensive role on roads in a forested country .
between the mid 19th century and ## it was the administrative centre first of the kingdom of prussia and then of the unified german state , housing in particular the reich chancellery and the foreign office .
it was from the balcony of this building that president paul von hindenburg watched the torchlight parade on the night the nazis came to power in january ## .
in ## a new reich chancellery was built for adolf hitler by albert speer .
the square opposite the building , known as the wilhelmplatz , no longer exists .
the original building was destroyed by bombing , and a new embassy built on the site after the reunification of germany in ## .
as one of the few intact government buildings in central berlin , it was occupied by the council of ministers of the new german democratic republic in ## .
the communist gdr regime regarded the former government precinct as a relic of prussian and nazi militarism and imperialism , and had all the ruins of the government buildings demolished in the early 1950s .
later apartment blocks were built along this section of the street .
the air ministry building today houses the german finance ministry .
this , the agriculture ministry and the british embassy are the only public buildings on the street .
many of the occupants of the apartment blocks are recent immigrants , and there are a number of shops and restaurants catering to russians and turks .
the marlborough express is a newspaper servicing the marlborough area of new zealand .
its headquarters are in blenheim and it is a division of fairfax .
liberal religion is a religious tradition which embraces the theological diversity of a congregation rather than respecting any single creed , authority , or writing .
because it may draw resources from many traditions , it cannot normally be characterized as christian , jewish , or any particular religious faith .
denial of the immaculate conception of virtue and affirmation of the necessity of social incarnation .
good must be consciously given form and power within history .
there is hope in the ultimate abundance of the universe .
religion is defined as that which binds us back or reconnects us to that which is ultimately important .
thus religious liberals are those that are connected , through generosity and openness , to the most important aspects of life .
visiting guests , faculty , and students can enjoy a panoramic view from the beach to downtown and across the bay .
city college of san francisco is one of the largest community colleges in the country , with an annual enrollment of more than ## , ## students .
for over ## years , city college of san francisco has aimed to simultaneously provide students with an education and meet the needs of the community .
the college has long been recognized for its ability to prepare students for further education as transfer students at leading four year universities such as the university of california , berkeley , with full acceptance of academic credits .
ccsf was the first college to offer women training as aircraft mechanics .
ccsf established the first gay , lesbian , and bisexual studies department in the u .
currently , there are queer alliance and the queer resource center on campus .
its board of trustees is elected by san francisco residents .
district funds are allocated from the state legislature , local property taxes , student tuition and fees , lottery funds , sales tax funds , and miscellaneous sources .
anita grier , milton marks iii , julio j .
city college of san francisco is located in urban environment and has the associated crime .
the san francisco community college district police do not carry firearms , giving them the distinction of being one of a few urban police departments in the united states that are unarmed .
use the buddy system or get an escort when walking to and from the parking lots .
bart passengers can travel from larger distances in the east bay , downtown san francisco , or san mateo county to the balboa park station .
a large mural , pan american unity , created in ## by diego rivera is exhibited in the theatre lobby , and may be viewed during open hours .
the society has an annual magazine , rsl , and administers a number of literary prizes and awards , including the ondaatje prize , the jerwood awards and the v .
it can confer the honour of companion of literature for writers of particular note .
it also awards the benson medal for lifetime service in the field of literature .
varsity blues is an ep released in ## by living legends member murs .
it is built around the theme of blues music .
unknown pleasures is the first album by joy division , released in ## .
it was produced by martin hannett and recorded at strawberry studios , stockport , england .
the front cover image comes from an edition of the cambridge encyclopedia of astronomy , and was originally drawn with black lines on a white background .
the cover design is credited to joy division , peter saville and chris mathan .
the back cover of the album contains no track listings , leaving a blank table where one would expect the listings to be .
justin davis , pretty much the coolest kid ever .
his father was the protestant curate in charge at astley .
after his early education at home and at a private school at woodchester , henry was articled to a firm of solicitors in worcester , and in course of time practised as a solicitor , at first in partnership with another , then by himself .
under the influence of the oxford movement he was led to embrace the catholic faith in ## , and five years later , on the death of his wife anne , daughter of john vezard of gloucestershire , he sought admission as a lay brother into the society of jesus .
for thirty years he occupied the post of lay brother socius to the english provincial superior .
brother foley deserves to share with father henry more the title of historian of the society .
as a religious , brother foley was a model of every virtue .
his bodily austerities were remarkable , while his spirit of prayer led him at all free moments to the chapel .
in early ceremonies , senior clergymen would wash the feet of lower clergy , while in other ceremonies , the washing would be done by someone higher up the hierarchical order .
although the monarch did not participate personally , later ceremonies continued in which a selection of people were given maundy money consisting of silver pennies totalling , in pence , the current age of the monarch .
by ## it had become normal practice for the monarch to distribute the maundy money , a practice which continues to this day .
until ## ordinary silver coinage was used for the maundy money , but from ## special coins were minted in values of ## , ## , ## , and ## pence .
in common with all circulating british silver coins , the fineness was reduced to ## .
in ## , silver was removed from all circulating british coins in favour of cupronickel , but it was felt to be inappropriate to strike maundy money in such debased metal , so unusually the fineness was restored to ## .
## , where it remains to the present day .
the design of the maundy money was not changed at all , so instead of being worth ## , ## , ## , or ## old pence , the coins are now worth ## , ## , ## , or ## new pence , each one being worth ## .
the face value of each coin was increased by a factor of ## .
all maundy coins , back to ## , remain legal tender in britain at their stated value in new pence .
victorian maundy coins are quite common , as anybody could order a set from a bank , however in ## , king edward vii ordered that they should only be supplied to their recipients and people connected with the service , so coins dated ## and later are considerably scarcer than those which preceded them although of course the quantity increases as the monarch ages .
maundy coins , in proof condition , were sold as part of a special silver proof set of all united kingdom coins in ## .
they were also sold in gold as part of a special gold proof set of all united kingdom coins in ## , as part of the golden jubilee observances .
viggiano is a town and comune in the province of potenza , in the southern italian region of basilicata .
it is bounded by the comuni of calvello , corleto perticara , grumento nova , laurenzana , marsicovetere , montemurro .
wizards later abandoned the line , and rubicon games purchased it , and published several supplements .
the line was sold again to gaslight press in february ## .
the game has a fantasy setting of the multiverse type , with many different worlds , some of which differed from generic fantasy .
it appeares to have been heavily influenced by divinatory tarot , the four classical elements of ancient greece , and mythologies from around the world .
like other works by jonathan tweet , the rules are very simple and flexible .
the cards were illustrated by scott kirschner and jeff miracola .
the box also had three books of source material and gameplaying tips .
calciphylaxis is a syndrome of vascular calcification and skin necrosis .
it is seen almost exclusively in patients with end stage renal disease .
it does not seem to be an immune type reaction .
it possibly could be described as calcific uraemic arteriolopathy .
similar extraskeletal calcifications are observed in some patients with hypercalcaemic states , including patients with milk alkali syndrome , sarcoidosis , primary hyperparathyroidism , and hypervitaminosis d .
the suspected diagnosis can be confirmed by a skin biopsy .
it shows arterial calcification and occlusion in the absence of vasculitis .
rigorous and continuous control of phosphate and calcium balance most probably will avoid the metabolic changes which may lead to calciphylaxis .
of the treatments that exist , none is internationally recognised as the standard of care .
the efficacy of this measure remains uncertain although calciphylaxis is associated with frank hyperparathyroidism .
urgent parathyroidectomy may benefit those patients who have uncontrollable plasma calcium and phosphorous concentrations despite dialysis .
also , cinacalcet can be used and may serve as an alternative to parathyroidectomy .
the trade name of cinacalcet is sensipar or mimpara .
considering lowering the dose of or discontinuing the use of immunosuppressive drugs in renal transplant patients who continue to have persistent or progressive calciphylactic skin lesions can contribute to an acceptable treatment of calciphylaxis .
zuras is a fictional character appearing in the marvel comics universe .
with his wife cybele , he has a daughter thena .
he was mistaken for the greek god zeus many times in the past , and ultimately forged a pact with zeus to keep their people at peace .
when kro spread chaos in the 1940s , zuras sent makkari to oppose him .
he also forced the forgotten one into exile , stripped him of his name , and forbade the eternals from communicating with him .
zuras authorized thena to resume her battles against the deviants , and ordered her to battle against zakka in new york .
bradford , a government agent , in studying the celestials .
this provided sprite with the power he needed to rewrite some aspects of reality , stripping the other eternals of their powers and memories .
sprite also stated that he considers zuras to be the most powerful of the eternals .
the hethumids were the rulers of armenia from ## to ## .
hethum i , the first of the hethumids , came to power when he married queen isabella of armenia who had inherited the throne from her father .
ocular digital is a live concert dvd released by the american christian metal band tourniquet in ## .
his parents went as european settlers in africa and were engaged in enterprises such as the financing of railroad construction and the building of numerous hotels .
his parents owned and the family resided in the victoria falls hotel .
harvey ward chose a career in journalism , in which time he was a sports editor , foreign correspondent , and political columnist .
as a prominent supporter of the white minority government , ward was forced to leave the new country of zimbabwe .
he and his family departed for south africa , and advised the white minority government there on avoiding international economic sanctions .
subsequently , harvey ward served as a political adviser to many african leaders and was involved in international intelligence .
harvey ward was the centre of a minor sensation in on the ## july ## when immigration officials at heathrow airport held him for seven hours , before formally refusing him permission to enter britain , and placing him on board another plane to munich .
he was due to address a meeting of the africa committee of the conservative monday club at the house of lords , organised by the former tory m .
, harold soref , on the 29th , and visit family in gloucestershire .
on being asked why entry had never been refused on previous journeys to britain by mr .
formal protests were made to the home office by tory m .
harvey ward , sir alfred sherman , rev martin smyth , mp , and andrew hunter , mp , were the speakers .
in ## , harvey ward was working for his old friend james gibb stuart at ossian books ltd .
he continued to travel and lecture , and joined the conservative party .
he was an active member of the foreign affairs committee of the conservative monday club .
in ## , ward worked in conjunction with south african security policeman paul erasmus to secretly leak false accusations against winnie mandela and her daughters , accusing them of being nymphomaniacs and drug abusers .
they were subsequently taken up by papers such as the independent , the sunday times and vanity fair .
erasmus later acknowledged profound regret for his actions in this and other matters , and affected a reconciliation with mandela .
ward , harvey , sanctions buster , glasgow , ## .
plantet is a red wine grape that is a hybrid grape created by french hybridist albert seibel .
the grape is grown primarily in the loire valley around anjou and is known for the high yields that the vine can produce .
the vine is generally reliable and disease resistant , producing well even after suffering through a spring frost , however the berries tend to be difficult to crush which leads the grape to some disfavor among winemakers .
he was the boss of the acquasanta mandamento in palermo and was a member of the first sicilian mafia commission .
cavataio was seen as an exponent of a new mafia of americanised gangsters that appeared in the mid 1950s .
after world war ii , he made his fortune selling petrol that was stolen from the italian navy .
the acquasanta mafia family controlled the docks of palermo that were situated in their area .
they acted as strike breakers against the dockworkers , and did not hesitate to shoot at the strikers if necessary .
in ## , the bosses of the acquasanta mafia clan , gaetano galatolo and nicola d alessandro were killed in a dispute over the protection rackets when the fruit and vegetable wholesale market moved from the zisa area to acquasanta , disturbing the delicate power balances within cosa nostra .
the killer of galatolo was never identified , but cavataio was suspected .
cavataio became the new boss of the clan and had to agree to split the profits of the wholesale market racket with the greco mafia family of ciaculli , who traditionally controlled fruit and vegetable supply to palermo wholesale market .
cavataio actively participated in what is called the sack of palermo during the reign of salvo lima as mayor of palermo .
mafia bosses were granted building licenses through contacts with politicians .
according to the pentito tommaso buscetta it was michele cavataio who deliberately escalated a dispute between different factions .
the conflicted erupted over an underweight shipment of heroin .
the shipment was financed by cesare manzella , the greco cousins from ciaculli and the la barbera brothers .
suspicion fell on calcedonio di pisa , who had collected the heroin and had organised the transport to new york .
the case was brought before the mafia commission , but disagreement on how to handle it , led to a bloody conflict between clan s allied with the greco s , headed by salvatore ciaschiteddu greco , and clan s allied with the la barbera s in particular when di pisa was killed on december ## , ## .
the greco s suspected the la barbera s of the attack .
however , it had been cavataio who had killed di pisa in the knowledge that the greco s would blame the la barbera s and a war would be the result .
cavataio having his own problems with di pisa and wanting him out of the way , and on bad terms with the la barbera s as well contrived di pisa s murder in such a way that the la barbera s would appear responsible .
he kept fuelling the conflict with more bomb attacks and killings .
other mafia families who resented the growing power of the sicilian mafia commission to the detriment of individual mafia families backed cavataio .
cavataio then participated , along with buscetta and another acquasanta capo , in several car bomb attacks on the greco s and their allies , considered enemies because of their intrusion in the wholesale produce market .
he was responsible for a car bomb that exploded near greco s house in ciaculli on june ## , ## , killing seven police and military officers sent to defuse it after an anonymous phone call .
the outrage over the ciaculli massacre changed the mafia war into a war against the mafia .
the sicilian mafia commission was dissolved and of those mafiosi who had escaped arrest many went abroad .
the ciaculli bombing made the other mafia clans aware of cavataio s manipulation of the mafia war .
when the bomd exploded , salvatore la barbera was already dead and his brother angelo la barbera had fled to milan , where he was seriously wounded .
it became clear that cavataio and not the la barbera s had planted the bomb and fomented much of the trouble .
cavataio received a four year sentence at the trial of the ## against the mafia in catanzaro in december ## , despite an indictment for ten murders .
he was sentenced for criminal association and soon left jail when in appeal his sentence was reduced to two years .
greco had come to subscribe to buscetta s theory about how the first mafia war began .
the killers entered the office of the construction company of girolamo moncada , the builder that previously was connected with anglo la barbera and now with cavataio .
cavataio was able to shoot and kill calogero bagarella and wounding one of di cristina s men before provenzano killed him .
the viale lazio bloodbath marked the end of a pax mafiosa that had reigned since the ciaculli massacre until the end of the trial of the ## .
various steps can be taken by the writer of the check to reduce the possibility of falling victim to check washing .
these include mailing checks by placing them in secured mailboxes , using secure ink dispensed from a gel , rollerball , or fountain pen , the filling in of all lines on the check , and careful scrutiny of bank statements .
the actual process of washing a check is relatively simple , and can be accomplished with basic solvents .
among many others , possible solvents include alcohol or nail polish remover .
the actual solvent is largely irrelevant more importantly , the polarity of the solvent is important , and must match the polarity of the dye in the ink .
the invention of the lever escapement is attributed to thomas mudge , and its modern form was developed by subsequent workers including breguet and massey .
the rotation of the escape wheel is controlled by the pallets .
the escape wheel has specially shaped teeth of either ratchet or club form , which interact with the two jewels called the entrance and exit pallets .
the escape wheel , except in unusual cases , has ## teeth and is made of steel .
these pallets are attached solidly to the lever , which has at its end a fork to receive the ruby impulse pin of the balance roller .
in modern design it is common for the pallet mountings and the fork to be made as a single component .
as the escape wheel rotates , a tooth will slide across the sloping impulse plane of the entrance pallet .
this will turn the pallets about their axis , which places the exit pallet into the path of the rotating escape wheel .
the wheel is said to be locked on the exit pallet .
from the release from the entrance pallet to this point , the escape wheel will have turned through exactly half of the angle between two teeth .
the impulse received by the pallet as the tooth moves over the impulse face is transferred by the lever to the balance wheel via the ruby pin on the roller of the balance .
after the drop , the balance wheel will rotate free of interference from the escapement until the impulse pin enters the fork again while moving in the opposite direction .
this will unlock the escapement , which releases the escape wheel so that a tooth can slide over the impulse plane of the exit pallet , which transfers an impulse via the lever to the impulse pin .
the escape wheel drops against until a tooth locks on the entrance pallet .
draw angle is typically about ## degrees to the radial .
these are nearly identical in operation , except that the fork jewels are replaced by plain steel parts .
the crown and stem turn the keyless works , which when in the wind position turns the inside loops of the mainspring coil .
the mainspring is inside the barrel , with the outside of the mainspring attached to the barrel .
the barrel turns the center wheel once per hour this wheel has a shaft that goes through the dial .
there is a small wheel driven by the minute wheel that in turn drives the hour wheel and hand once for every ## revolutions of the minute hand .
the center wheel drives the third wheel , which in turn drives the fourth wheel .
the fourth wheel drives the escapement wheel or escape wheel .
depending on the watch , this process happens at an exact rate between ## .
## and ## times per second , causing the second hand to pulse forward ## to ## times per second .
the speed of this process is almost independent of the rest of the watch .
if either the effective length or strength of the hairspring are changed , or the mass or diameter of the balance are changed , the rate of the watch will change .
most watches are regulated with a moveable regulator that grips the spring at a point near the outside end , changing the effective length .
some watches have screws around the balance by adding or removing washers under these screws , coarse adjustments to rate can be made .
riang kotang fumarole field is located near the eastern tip of flores island , indonesia .
two fumarole areas are found along the saddle foot of the volcano .
hot springs appear along the southwest side of the oka bay and hadang bay on the west coast .
afb bloemspruit is an airbase of the south african air force .
dyh also owns many other interests in the media sector .
it was built so passengers could stop there and take a horse and carriage to the laurel house , a hotel that was nearby .
the branch it served would become an actual part of the railroad in ## .
it was abandoned when the kaaterskill branch was abandoned in ## , and eventually scrapped in ## , along with the stony clove branch , and the hunter branch .
the new york state government decided to get rid of the station , and eventually burnt it to the ground .
growth accelerates in the first half of puberty and reaches completion by the end .
body differences between boys and girls before puberty are almost entirely restricted to the genitalia .
during puberty major differences of size , shape , composition , and function develop in many body structures and systems .
the most obvious of these are referred to as secondary sex characteristics .
adolescence is the period of psychological and social transition between childhood and adulthood .
adolescence largely overlaps the period of puberty but its boundaries are less precisely defined and it refers as much to the psychosocial and cultural characteristics of development during the teen years as to the physical changes of puberty .
children and young adolescents near the average age of puberty are sometimes referred to as peripubescent in medical literature .
pubic hair is often the second unequivocal change of puberty .
it is referred to as pubarche and the pubic hairs are usually visible first along the labia .
the first few hairs are described as tanner stage ## .
in the next ## years following thelarche , the uterus and ovaries increase in size .
the ovaries usually contain small cysts visible by ultrasound .
the first menstrual bleeding is referred to as menarche .
the average age of menarche in american girls is about ## .
## years , usually about ## years after thelarche .
ovulation is necessary for fertility , and may or may not accompany the earliest menses .
by ## years after menarche , most girls are ovulating at least several times a year .
however , initiation of ovulation after menarche is not inevitable , and a high proportion of girls with continued irregularity several years from menarche will continue to have prolonged irregularity and anovulation , and are at higher risk for reduced fertility .
fat tissue increases to a greater percentage of the body composition than in males , especially in the typical female distribution of breasts , hips , buttocks , thighs , upper arms , and pubis .
this often precedes thelarche and pubarche by ## or more years .
this change increases the susceptibility to acne , a characteristic affliction of puberty greatly variable in its severity .
testes in prepubertal boys change little in size from about ## year of age to the onset of puberty , averaging about ## ## cc in volume and about ## .
testicular size continues to increase throughout puberty , reaching maximal adult size about ## years later .
the development of sperm production and fertility in males is not as well documented .
after the penile growth of early infancy the average childhood penile length is about ## cm .
within months after growth of the testes begins , rising levels of testosterone promote growth of the penis and scrotum .
this earliest discernible beginning of pubertal growth of the genitalia is referred to as stage ## .
although erections and orgasm occur in prepubertal boys , they become much more common during puberty , accompanied by a markedly increased libido .
the ability to ejaculate is a fairly early event in puberty compared to the other characteristics .
if the foreskin of a boy does not become retractable during childhood , it normally begins to retract during puberty .
this occurs as a result of the increased production of testosterone and other hormones in the body .
pubic hair often appears on a boy shortly after the genitalia begin to grow .
the first few hairs are described as stage ## .
stage ## is usually reached within another ## ## months , when the hairs are too numerous to count .
arm , leg , chest , abdominal , and back hair become heavier more gradually .
there is a large range in amount of body hair among adult men , and significant differences in timing and quantity of hair growth among different ethnic groups .
under the influence of androgens , the voice box , or larynx , grows in both genders .
occasionally , voice change is accompanied by unsteadiness of vocalization in the early stages of untrained voices .
most of the voice change happens during stage ## of male puberty around the time of peak growth .
however , it usually precedes the development of significant facial hair by several months to years .
the difference is attributed to the much greater potency of estradiol compared to testosterone in promoting bone growth , maturation , and epiphyseal closure .
in boys , growth begins to accelerate about ## months after the first signs of testicular enlargement and the peak year of the growth spurt occurs about ## years after the onset of puberty , reaching a peak velocity of about ## .
the feet and hands experience their growth spurt first , followed by the limbs , and finally ending in the trunk .
epiphyseal closure and adult height are reached more slowly , at an average age of about ## .
as in girls , this last growth primarily involves the spine rather than the limbs .
by the end of puberty , adult men have heavier bones and nearly twice as much skeletal muscle .
this muscle develops mainly during the later stages of puberty , and muscle growth can continue even after a male is biologically adult .
estradiol is produced from testosterone in male puberty as well as female , and male breasts often respond to the rising estradiol levels .
it usually occurs after puberty is underway , may increase for a year or two , and usually diminishes by the end of puberty .
it is increased by extra adipose tissue if the boy is overweight .
puberty is a process with a gradual onset beginning with changes of neuronal function in the hypothalamus , resulting in rising hormonal signals between brain and gonads , proceeding to gonadal growth and production of sex steroids , which in turn induce changes in responsive parts of the body .
the most commonly used definition of onset for both social and medical purposes is the appearance of the first physical changes described in this section of this article , but it should be understood that these physical changes are the first outward signs of preceding neural , hormonal , and gonadal function changes that are usually impossible or impractical to detect .
the age at which puberty begins can vary widely between individuals and between populations .
age of puberty is affected by both genetic factors and by environmental factors such as nutritional state or social circumstances .
for example , the average age of menarche in various populations surveyed in the last several decades has ranged from ## .
however , it is clear that much of the higher age averages reflect nutritional limitations more than genetic differences and can change within a few generations with a substantial change in diet .
the median age of menarche for a population may be an index of the proportion of undernourished girls in the population , and the width of the spread may reflect unevenness of wealth and food distribution in a population .
the genetic association of timing is strongest between mothers and daughters .
the specific genes affecting timing are not defined yet .
among the candidates are the androgen and lh receptor genes .
if genetic factors account for half of the variation of pubertal timing , environment factors are clearly important as well .
one of the earliest observed environmental effects is that puberty occurs later in children raised at higher altitudes .
the most important of the environmental influences is clearly nutrition , but a number of others have been identified , all which affect timing of female puberty and menarche more clearly than male puberty .
nutritional factors are the strongest and most obvious environmental factors affecting timing of puberty .
girls are especially sensitive to nutritional regulation because they must contribute all of the nutritional support to a growing fetus .
much evidence suggests that for most of the last few centuries , nutritional differences accounted for majority of variation of pubertal timing in different populations , and even among social classes in the same population .
recent worldwide increased consumption of animal protein , other changes in nutrition , and increases in childhood fatness have resulted in falling ages of puberty , mainly in those populations with the higher previous ages .
in many populations the amount of variation attributable to nutrition is shrinking .
lower protein intakes and higher plant fiber intakes , as occur with typical vegetarian diets , are associated with later onset and slower progression of female puberty .
studies have shown that calcium deficiency is a cause of late puberty , irregular and painful , cramping during menstration with excessive blood loss , and lowered immune response to infections in young girls .
this could be from a deficient diet or lack of vitamin d from too little sun exposure .
this lack of calcium could predispose them to osteoporosis later in life .
the average level of daily physical activity has also been shown to affect timing of puberty , especially female .
a high level of exercise , whether for athletic or body image purposes , or for daily subsistence , reduces energy calories available for reproduction and slows puberty .
the exercise effect is often amplified by a lower body fat mass .
many chronic diseases can delay puberty in both boys and girls .
those that involve chronic inflammation or interfere with nutrition have the strongest effect .
in the western world , inflammatory bowel disease and tuberculosis have been notorious for such an effect in the last century , while in areas of the underdeveloped world , chronic parasite infections are widespread .
there is theoretical concern , and animal evidence , that environmental hormones and chemicals may affect aspects of prenatal or postnatal sexual development in humans .
large amounts of incompletely metabolized estrogens and progestagens from pharmaceutical products are excreted into the sewage systems of large cities , and are sometimes detectable in the environment .
sex steroids are sometimes used in cattle farming but have been banned in chicken meat production for ## years .
significant exposure of a child to hormones or other substances that activate estrogen or androgen receptors could produce some or all of the changes of puberty .
some of the least understood environmental influences on timing of puberty are social and psychological .
in comparison with the effects of genetics , nutrition , and general health , social influences are small , shifting timing by a few months rather than years .
mechanisms of these social effects are unknown , though a variety of physiological processes , including pheromones , have been suggested based on animal research .
conversely , menarche may be slightly later when a girl grows up in a large family with a biological father present .
most of these reported social effects are small and our understanding is incomplete .
statistical associations are not necessarily causal , and a variety of covariables and alternative explanations can be imagined .
effects of such small size can never be confirmed or refuted for any individual child .
furthermore , interpretations of the data are politically controversial because of the ease with which this type of research can be used for political advocacy .
accusations of bias based on political agenda sometimes accompany scientific criticism .
some of the most complete reference data are available for american children and are included here .
average age for first signs of breast development in girls is about ## .
average age for first signs of testicular enlargement in boys is ## .
see tables below for approximate average ages and ranges for other milestones of physical development of north american children .
duration of puberty in girls from onset of breast development to cessation of growth is roughly ## years .
duration of puberty in boys from first testicular enlargement to cessation of growth is about ## years .
b1 , ph1 , and g1 are the prepubertal stages of each of these , while b2 , ph2 , and g2 are the earliest signs of puberty .
b5 , ph5 , and g5 are adult stages at the end of puberty .
the tanner stage article contains links to fuller explanations of the specific stages .
tempo is the speed at which the process of pubertal changes progresses from beginning to end .
nevertheless , some healthy children can proceed through puberty at a faster or slower tempo than most .
an interruption of progression of puberty is usually , but not always , due to abnormal causes such as malnutrition or anorexia nervosa .
perhaps the most common apparently healthy variation is apparent interruption for a couple of years just after attainment of an early sign of initiation .
for instance , some girls may seem to develop stage ## breast buds at ## or ## years of age with no other signs of puberty , and nothing may happen for ## or ## years .
the sequence of events of pubertal development can occasionally vary .
rarely , menarche can occur before other signs of puberty in a few girls .
these variations deserve medical evaluation because they can occasionally signal a disease .
in a general sense , the conclusion of puberty is reproductive maturity .
maximal adult height is achieved at an average age of ## .
stage ## in the tables above typically represents maximal gonadal growth and attainment of adult hormone levels .
the endocrine reproductive system consists of the hypothalamus , the pituitary , the gonads , and the adrenal glands , with input and regulation from many other body systems .
the arcuate nucleus of the hypothalamus is the driver of the reproductive system .
it has neurons which generate and release pulses of gnrh into the portal venous system of the pituitary gland .
the arcuate nucleus is affected and controlled by neuronal input from other areas of the brain and hormonal input from the gonads , adipose tissue and a variety of other systems .
the adrenal glands are a second source for steroid hormones .
the main target cells of lh are the leydig cells of testes and the theca cells of the ovaries .
the main target cells of fsh are the ovarian follicles and the sertoli cells and spermatogenic tissue of the testes .
testosterone is a steroid hormone produced primarily by the leydig cells of the testes , and in lesser amounts by the theca cells of the ovaries and the adrenal cortex .
it acts on androgen receptors in responsive tissue throughout the body .
estradiol is a steroid hormone produced by aromatization of testosterone .
estradiol is the principal human estrogen and acts on estrogen receptors throughout the body .
the largest amounts of estradiol are produced by the granulosa cells of the ovaries , but lesser amounts are derived from testicular and adrenal testoterone .
adrenal androgens are steroids produced by the zona reticulosa of the adrenal cortex in both sexes .
adrenal androgens contribute to the androgenic events of early puberty in girls .
leptin is a protein hormone produced by adipose tissue .
the leptin level seems to provide the brain a rough indicator of adipose mass for purposes of regulation of appetite and energy metabolism .
it also plays a permissive role in female puberty , which usually will not proceed until an adequate body mass has been achieved .
the endocrine reproductive system becomes functional by the end of the first trimester of fetal life .
the testes and ovaries become briefly inactive around the time of birth but resume hormonal activity until several months after birth , when incompletely understood mechanisms in the brain begin to suppress the activity of the arcuate nucleus .
evidence is accumulating that the reproductive system is not totally inactive during the childhood years .
this inhibition of the arcuate nucleus is an ongoing active suppression by other areas of the brain .
the signal and mechanism releasing the arcuate nucleus from inhibition have been the subject of investigation for decades and remain incompletely understood .
leptin levels rise throughout childhood and play a part in allowing the arcuate nucleus to resume operation .
if the childhood inhibition of the arcuate nucleus is interrupted prematurely by injury to the brain , it may resume pulsatile gonadotropin release and puberty will begin at an early age .
in the years preceding physical puberty , these gonadotropin pulses occur primarily at night and are of very low amplitude , but as puberty approaches they can be detected during the day .
the primary clinical significance of the distinction between adrenarche and gonadarche is that pubic hair and body odor changes by themselves do not prove that central puberty is underway for an individual child .
as the amplitude of lh pulses increases , the theca cells of the ovaries begin to produce testosterone and smaller amounts of progesterone .
much of the testosterone moves into nearby cells called granulosa cells .
smaller increases of fsh induce an increase in the aromatase activity of these granulosa cells , which converts most of the testosterone to estradiol for secretion into the circulation .
this attainment of positive feedback is the hallmark of female sexual maturity , as it allows the midcycle lh surge necessary for ovulation .
igf1 levels rise and then decline as puberty ends .
growth finishes and adult height is attained as the estradiol levels complete closure of the epiphyses .
lh stimulates the leydig cells of the testes to make testosterone and blood levels begin to rise .
for much of puberty , nighttime levels of testosterone are higher than daytime .
regularity of frequency and amplitude of gonadotropin pulses seems to be less necessary for progression of male than female puberty .
however , a significant portion of testosterone in adolescent boys is converted to estradiol .
estradiol mediates the growth spurt , bone maturation , and epiphyseal closure in boys just as in girls .
the age at which puberty occurs has dropped significantly since the 1840s .
from ## through ## , in each decade there was a drop of four months in the average age of menarche among western european female samples .
in norway , girls born in ## had their first menarche at average ## years .
some scientists and researches hypothesize it may be caused by hormones and other additions in processed milk and meats .
the onset of puberty is occuring two years earlier than usual , reaching stage two level , with greater frequency .
this is reducing the childhood period , and is adding a greater risk of childhood pregnancy .
contributing factors include environmental estrogens , a sedentary lifestyle and obesity .
see precocious puberty for further discussion of the medical dynamics of this issue .
newer data suggesting we should be using lower age thresholds for evaluation .
clinical longitudinal standards for height and weight velocity for north american children .
highly useful growth charts with integrated standards for stages of puberty .
it is the historical capital city of the county of nice .
in the 7th century nice joined the genoese league formed by the towns of liguria .
during the middle ages nice had its share in the wars and disasters of italy .
it was in nice that the two monarchs in ## concluded , through the mediation of pope paul iii , a truce of ten years .
in ## nice was taken by the duke of guise .
by opening the ports of the countship to all nations , and proclaiming full freedom of trade , charles emmanuel in ## gave a great stimulus to the commerce of the city , whose noble families took part in its mercantile enterprises .
in ## the king of sardinia destroyed all that remained of the ancient liberties of the commune .
the cession was ratified by over ## , ## electors out of a total of ## , ## although the plebiscite was most likely manipulated by the french .
savoy was also transferred to the french crown by similar means .
the dawn of the 20th century was the arrival of a modern mode of transport .
on october ## ## ## people died when the coast of nice was hit by a tsunami .
he was then convicted of several counts of corruption and associated crimes and sentenced to prison .
a controversial official report stated that de montgolfier had made unwarranted accusations .
nice enjoys mild and sunny weather throughout the year .
its mediterranean climate allows rather warm summers and mild winters , with temperatures rarely reaching the freezing point .
nice has a distinct culture due to its unique history .
however , in the past few decades immigration has been opened to include immigrants from all over the world particularly immigrants from other parts of the world , mainly former northern and western african colonies , as well as southeastern asia .
traditions are still alive , especially in the folk music and the dances .
the smaller gare du sud is not used any longer .
the ferry companies sncm and corsica ferries operate from the nice harbour and sail to several towns on corsica .
a tramway , the tramway de nice , is currently under construction and is expected to begin operation in ## .
released to radio and music video outlets in april ## , the song is her debut single and is also generally considered her signature song .
she quickly composed lyrics basing the tune on the emotions she faced during one of her first serious romantic relationships .
keys became uneasy over the matter , as she wanted to record the song herself , but could not because sony was not focusing on her career .
at first keys had surrendered the piece to scott willingly , but later changed her mind , and scott did not record it .
clive davis , a former columbia records executive then at arista records , heard about keys and was impressed with her artistry .
once at j records , keys began work on her debut album , songs in a minor .
unlike sony , j records did not mind keys recording her own compsitions , and encouraged her to do so .
charts on august ## , ## , and remained there for six weeks .
it also reached number three in the united kingdom and number two in australia .
the song was also nominated for outstanding song and outstanding music video at the ## naacp image awards .
keys said in an interview that she was supposed to be the one incarcerated , and her boyfriend was visiting her .
rotherhithe was a parliamentary constituency centred on the rotherhithe district of south london .
it returned one member of parliament to the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom , elected by the first past the post system .
minor genetic and epigenetic changes with little or no effect on morphology may produce large changes in the chemical phenotype .
a good example of a plant with many chemotypes is thymus vulgaris .
while largely indistinguishable in appearance , specimens of t .
such chemotypes may be indicated as thymus vulgaris ct .
such an indication has no taxonomic standing , also see ecotype .
the song is one of the comedic highlights of the film .
yakov rekhter joined juniper networks in dec ## , where he is a juniper fellow .
prior to joining juniper , yakov worked at cisco systems , where he was a cisco fellow .
prior to joining cisco in ## , he worked at ibm t .
yakov rekhter was one of the leading architects and a major software developer of the nsfnet backbone phase ii .
project shamrock , considered to be the sister project for project minaret , was an espionage exercise that involved the accumulation of all telegraphic data entering into or exiting from the united states .
at the height of project shamrock , ## , ## messages a month were printed and analyzed by nsa agents .
in may ## however , congressional critics began to investigate and expose the program .
as a result , nsa director lew allen terminated it .
the testimony of both the representatives from the cable companies and of director allen at the hearings prompted senate intelligence committee chairman sen .
frank church to conclude that project shamrock was probably the largest government interception program affecting americans ever undertaken .
it was recently revealed on may ## , ## at the e3 convention .
, a battle android , as he fights his way up a tower with eight floors , the first seven named after the seven deadly sins .
while the character shares the name with the previous title , two characters are different characters .
originally founded in ## , the colorado and wyoming railway is a subsidiary of the oregon steel mills company .
it hauls coal , ore and steel products on about five miles of track to connect with the union pacific railroad and the bnsf railroad .
he was educated in england , where he began studying the violin at age seven with manoug parikian .
he went to new york to study at the juilliard school with ivan galamian , itzhak perlman , and dorothy delay .
oundjian went on to hold an illustrious career as the first violinist of the tokyo string quartet for ## years .
focal dystonia related to repetitive stress injury forced oundjian to put aside his instrumental career , fall ## .
he then shifted his musical focus to being a conductor .
he is also the artistic advisor and principal guest conductor of the caramoor international music festival .
he has been the principal guest conductor of the colorado symphony orchestra .
louis and berlin symphonies , the philadelphia orchestra , saarbrucken radio orchestra , the city of birmingham symphony orchestra and the tonhalle orchester in zurich .
oundjian has recently extended his contract with the tso to ## , ## february ## .
oundjian also teaches at the yale school of music .
he , his wife nadine , and their children lara and peter make their home in connecticut .
besides writing scripts , aronsohn was also executive producer for six episodes in ## .
that same year , he directed his first episode .
is a former soviet ski jumper who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
he won a silver medal in the individual large hill at the ## fis nordic world ski championships in zakopane .
kamenskiy also finished fourth in the individual large hill competition at the ## winter olympics in squaw valley .
he also won the ski jump competition at the holmenollen ski festival in ## , the four hills tournament in ## , and two other victories in normal hill events in ## .
it is a sequel to the massively multiplayer game the legend of mir ## .
there is also improved player customization , far larger maps , and a revamped quest system .
glowing armour , leveling cap not maxed , new maps , guild functions , items , towns .
like its predecessor the legend of mir ## , the legend of mir ## is hugely popular in china and south korea .
it has been certified by the guinness book of records for having ## , ## subscribers online simultaneously .
the game was in open beta from february ## until june ## .
the united states host for the game is the us based ientertainment .
the wizard can be a bit tricky at first .
they have a wide variety of elements to choose from and use on their opponents or monsters .
similar to a priest , the taoist can heal and bless .
healing is one very important aspect of the game .
taoists can resurrect the dead , a very useful move .
taoists are considerd the hardest and most complex class to level up and boss hunt with .
the spirit of christmas ## is part of the spirit of christmas album series .
it was released in australia on november , ## .
some tracks on this album have been released before in previous spirit of christmas albums , .
the legs can be uniformly dark red or brown , or annulated .
she now chairs the financial institutions , housing , and consumer protection committee .
she is running for her 4th term as a state senator .
fairley was disabled in a traffic accident involving a drunk driver in august ## .
this article is about the pakistani cricketeer mazhar khan .
he has made several appearances as a batsman in the ## icc trophy .
the ## nascar busch series season began february ## and ended on october ## .
the pontiac ## was held february ## at richmond international raceway .
the goodwrench ## was held march ## at north carolina speedway .
the miller classic was held march ## at martinsville speedway .
the spring ## was held march ## at volusia county speedway .
the mountain dew ## was held march ## at hickory motor speedway .
the pontiac ## was held april ## at darlington raceway .
the budweiser ## was held april ## at bristol motor speedway .
the nestle ## was held april ## at lanier raceway .
the carquest ## was held may ## at south boston speedway .
during this race , gary niece suffered a heart attack and crashed into the wall in turn ## .
the pontiac ## was held may ## at nazareth speedway .
the champion ## was held may ## at charlotte motor speedway .
the budweiser ## was held june ## at dover international speedway .
the roses stores ## was held june ## at orange county speedway .
the granger select ## was held june ## at hickory motor speedway .
the true value ## was held july ## at oxford plains speedway .
the budweiser ## was held july ## at new hampshire international speedway .
the coors light ## was held july ## at south boston speedway .
the granger select ## was held july ## at new river valley speedway .
the kroger ## was held august ## at indianapolis raceway park .
the texas pete ## was held august ## at orange county speedway .
the jay johnson ## was held august ## at bristol motor speedway .
the gatorade ## was held august ## at darlington raceway .
the autolite ## was held september ## at richmond international raceway .
the splitfire ## was held september ## at richmond international raceway .
the all pro ## was held october ## at charlotte motor speedway .
the ne chevy ## was held october ## at new hampshire international speedway .
the winston classic was held october ## at martinsville speedway .
tracy leslie , troy beebe , cecil eunice , and richard lasater were the only other drivers to attempt a full schedule .
it will open roughly in july ## , ## at the intersection of main street markham and highway ## in markham , ontario .
it will be on the viva purple and viva green lines .
note that this will be built as a vivavintage station , as it is in the historic district of markham , ontario .
the school needs to win the prize money to remain open but their star performer , tiger , is seemingly injured when he falls from a ladder , leaving his brother , dragon , to take his place .
during the competition , dragon realises that his brother feigned his accident in order to take part in the competition for the rival school .
dragon vows to bring back his errant brother so the pair can make amends to their master .
however , tiger is later framed for a bank robbery .
to stop his brother from being arrested , dragon promises to apprehend the escapee , kam .
subsequent releases of the film have edited this scene down for time .
the first version of the film was said to be roughly three hours in length .
plus , there is a rare taiwanese video which features footage not in either the hong kong or international cuts .
according to raudive , however , one night , as he listened to one recording , he clearly heard a number of voices .
when he played the tape over and over , he came to understand all of them , some of which were in german , some in latvian , some in french .
over ## people were involved in his research , and all apparently heard the voices .
subsequently , he decided to embrace the ecclesiastical career .
one year earlier , he had also become a member of the faculty of theology of the university of chile , teaching cannon law , and writing the standard text on the subject .
there he was put in charge of the library , which he transformed in the most important private library in chile .
in ## , he became the convent abbot , position he retained until ## .
due to his publications and researches , he was incorporated to the royal academy of the spanish language .
he was also given the gold medal of the historical and geographical society of chile in ## , and became the president of the chilean academy of history in ## .
in ## , he returned to his position in the university .
in ## he was nominated as archbishop of the santiago archdiocese by president juan luis sanfuentes .
he promoted a policy to make the catholic church independent from the conservative party .
in ## he presided over the separation of the church and the state , consecrated in the constitution of ## .
he was the voice that gave serenity and long term vision to the negotiations .
it has on average ## km length and ## km width .
the two river branches which separate it from the mainland are m cin and cremenea .
## km2 are irrigated and is protected by a dam having a length of ## .
on the island there are two communes , frec ei and m ra u , which have about ## , ## inhabitants .
it was selected by alf salkin from a wild population on french island , victoria , and registered as a cultivar on ## october ## .
unlike its parent species , its flower styles are yellow rather than black .
in all other respects it is typical of b .
when rodney gets ready to go to sleep , he notices damien looking at him .
del calls rodney through the baby monitor , making rodney think that the devil in damien is speaking to him .
olaf andersen of weill cornell directs and ruth gotian manages the program .
students complete medical studies at weill cornell and may choose a phd thesis advisor in any of the institutions .
applicants often have strong undergraduate science preparation , extensive laboratory experience and strong mcat test scores .
the medical curriculum is characterized by problem based learning and early exposure to medical interviewing .
students arrive the july 4th weekend before their first year of medical school to complete one of three rotations for the summer .
students complete a second rotation after their first year and complete second year of cornell md curriculum while taking frontiers ii and the usmle in june .
clinical electives and courses are offered to keep students up to date with their medical training and clinical skills .
during the 6th and 7th years , students complete clinical requirements at cornell and pursue any electives .
the institution has been associated with ## nobel prize winners in its ## year history .
texas red is a sulfonyl chloride derivate of sulforhodamine ## .
texas red fluoresces at about ## nm , and its absorption maximum for the excitation photons is at ## nm .
it is relatively bright , therefore can show even weakly expressed antigens .
texas red is a marker of proteins , with which it easily form conjugates .
other molecules can be labeled by texas red as well , eg .
she is also known by another pen name of iwasato mio .
in addition , she has written lyrics for some japanese singers including maaya sakamoto , miki imai and many others .
she is well contact with yoko kanno and always travelled the anime world along with her .
her latest work is in theme and insert songs from sousei no aquarion anime .
iwasato yuho is also considered as a secretive person on her whereabouts nor biological details , but she never keeps her thoughts to herself and always kept them written in songs for people around the world to discover her through it .
piece of my wish which was sung in ## by miki imai has given a mark in history to one of her works .
a beautiful song of friendship in between lovers whom were far apart .
there is many more songs written in most of maaya sakamoto songs by her .
her writings are mostly nice to listen again and again .
her writings strengthen more onto hope and a nice peaceful life .
she wrote a lot of classical songs and some songs also became a hit in the japanese songs records .
that woman smokes and desires for a strong monopolistic life .
she is the type of woman who will cause trouble to someone else but failing to notice that she was doing such .
the story went on and later she found a man whom she wanted to love .
the everyday life later becomes mixed up until comes to a point where she accidentally fell in love with that person .
in response to her confession of love , that person did not return a .
as the story progress , she finally noticed about her life in the past and unintently felt sympathy for herself .
this novel is viewed on a person who feels like leaving oneself , being sensitive and can be called as pitiful .
conclusion of the story is that the woman lived on with her life , but with a content and calm heart to start with .
she has kept her hopes and wishes close within her heart even as it means for the rest of her life , which is to live lone .
after destroy broke up i hooked up with tattoo shane and trevor trend and began jamming with a series of drummers .
we put up an ad at extreme noise and attracted criminal shane on drums .
code ## was an attempt on my part to move past the grind and metal influence on destroy back to a more old school hardcore sound .
for a while four out of five of our shows were broken up by the man , but hardcore survives on the underground and so did we .
i went out of my way to write radical , aggressive lyrics to go with the music .
we stirred up no small controvery , posing with automatic weapons and singing about shooting cops .
the 137th battalion , cef was a unit in the canadian expeditionary force during the first world war .
based in calgary , alberta , the unit began recruiting in late ## in that city .
after sailing to england in august ## , the battalion was absorbed into the 21st reserve battalion on january ## , ## .
the head of state of the solomon islands is queen elizabeth ii .
the solomon islands share the sovereign with a number of commonwealth realms .
appointed in ## as national coordinator of the pci , he became then the party leader in ## , succeeding to alessandro natta .
during his secretarship , the party witnessed the collapse of both the berlin wall and the communist regime in the soviet union .
after the ## general election he returned to the european parliament by taking up one of the seats vacated by an elected deputy , and sits as an independent member of the party of european socialists group .
faxe kondi is a danish soft drink produced by faxe bryggeri .
it is marketed as a sports drink , as it contains both glucose and sugar , as well as caffeine .
cronstedtite is a complex iron silicate mineral belonging to the serpentine group of minerals .
it has been found in bohemia in the czech republic and in cornwall , england .
neither grapes nor nuts have ever been ingredients in the cereal .
this line is remembered today by most who saw the ## through ## commercial , while it is also familiar to many people too young to have seen the original tv spots .
gibbons made the tv ads until he died on december ## , ## .
he participated in ## grands prix , debuting on june ## , ## .
a listener is either an addressee or a bystander .
a speaker can show politeness , familiarity , or a difference of social status to the addressee .
in the area of the rete testis , the sperm are concentrated as fluid and is reabsorbed .
if this does not occur , the sperm which enter the epididymides are not concentrated and infertility is the end result .
the british walk of fame is an attraction based on the hollywood walk of fame located on piccadilly circus in london .
unlike the original it focuses on popular music personalities .
the first inductee , on august ## , ## , was led zeppelin guitarist jimmy page .
a furious rick vows never to see jaka again .
arlington memorial bridge connects arlington national cemetery in arlington , virginia , with the lincoln memorial in washington , d .
the eastern end of the bridge marks the western edge of the national mall .
the ends of the bridge are flanked by two pairs of equestrian statues sculpted by leo friedlander .
the closest metro stop to the bridge is arlington cemetery .
the bridge connects , both literally and symbolically , the lincoln memorial and arlington house , the home of robert e .
this placement was done intentionally to represent the reunification of the north and the south .
at the western terminus on columbia island , the bridge and its connecting roadways connect with the george washington parkway and with state route ## and state route ## .
at the eastern terminus , the bridge and its connecting roadways connect with constitution avenue , independence avenue , the rock creek and potomac parkway , and the district of columbia segment of interstate ## .
a peculiarity of the traffic circle at the western terminus is that traffic already in the circle must yield to traffic entering the circle the exact opposite of the usual rule .
currently , construction is underway to extend route ## from route ## south to state route ## and state route ## in otay mesa near the u .
this portion , scheduled to open in ## , will be a toll road called the south bay expressway .
the toll road is being funded by the private company california transportation ventures , inc .
see freeway and expressway for more information on the difference between the two .
route ## was originally planned to continue north through east miramar to poway to connect with state route ## and select arterial ## but poway successfully blocked that by insisting caltrans upgrade state route ## instead , leaving the northern terminus at state route ## .
it is currently unlikely that will ever happen though .
the northernmost portion of the current route ## was built in stages .
as of ## , this section has been completed .
in the early 2000s , further construction resulted in the third section of route ## , connecting southward from state route ## to state route ## .
this allows southbound traffic on route ## to continue to westbound state route ## , while eastbound state route ## continues northbound on route ## .
a fourth section , under construction as of late ## , will continue southward from state route ## .
this is the south bay expressway toll road mentioned earlier in this article .
after a single issue by writer mike friedrich and penciler paul gulacy , gerber wrote several issues in which morbius went on a picaresque interdimensional journey and fought the caretakers of arcturus , followed by doug moench and bill mantlo .
craig russell , frank robbins , george evans , and heck .
malcolm has been played by hugh simon since the start of spooks in ## .
malcolm started out at the very beginning , as an analyst .
malcolm is distraught when his best friend and colleague colin wells is executed in series ## , episode ## .
he freezes , not knowing which wire to cut .
it later appeared on their compilation album japanese whispers .
written as a sarcastic reflection on sexual imagary in pop music , the single was a surprise hit .
the video for the cover was shot , showcasing new york streets and coffeeshops .
the orlov revolt had been a disaster for the greeks that revolted against the ottomans and the maniots who were the only free greeks .
the ottomans forced the maniots to pay tribute annually and to have a bey who came from mani .
amongst the most prominent were konstantinos kolokotronis and panagiotaros venetsakis .
from their towers in kastania they attacked ottoman lands and caused much damage .
when his fleet arrived at gytheio he sent ## , ## men under the command of his second in command , ali bey to deal with them .
they resigned to the fact that they would have to fight alone .
by the time the ottomans reached kastania from gytheio the defenders were ready for the siege .
the maniots had gathered ammunition and food to last for around a dozen days .
they tried to evacuate the children and women but their attempt were thrawted by the fact that they refuse to go .
the elder panagiotaros was over ## years old at the time and had been a renowned klepht when he was younger .
ali bey sent a men to the defenders offering to call off the siege if konstaninos and panagiotaros each gave him one of their children .
the maniots refused and the ottomans began the siege .
the ottomans had trouble bombarding the pyrgoi because they were well built and had been strengthed before the ottomans arrived .
they also had trouble because the maniot were shielded from the artilery while the ottomans were exposed to the maniot fire .
the siege had dragged on for ten days and the situation was becoming grave for the defenders .
during the night of the tenth day , panagiotaros , his father and kolokotronis met to discuss the situation .
they only had ammuniation to last for two days and after that ran out the defence was doomed .
on the twelfeth night they broke out from the pyrgoi and tried to make it to the forests .
the ottomans heard the movements and they attacked the fleeing maniots .
the men tried to hold off the ottomans while the women and the children escaped .
kolokotronis fell fighting seven ottomans with his sword and pistol in hand .
his head was cut off and put on a spear .
his wife with his young son theodoros kolokotronis , the future hero of the greek war of independence escaped .
panagiotaros died while protecting his family from the ottomans .
the elder venetsakis was betrayed by his attendant and had both his feet cut off along with one of his hands .
the ottomans then hung him from the mast of one of their ships .
in retaliation the maniot sacked the ottoman castle of passavas .
maxwell dillon was born to jonathan and anita dillon in endicott , new york .
jonathan was an accountant , though he had trouble keeping a job .
because of this , max and his family moved frequently when max was young and he found it difficult to make friends .
years later , max told his mother he wished to become an electrical engineer .
anita , not wanting him to be angry if he failed , convinced him he was not intelligent enough , and max reluctantly took a job as a lineman for an electric company .
while he was repairing a power line , a freak lightning accident resulted in a mutagenic change in his nervous system , transforming dillon into a living electrical capacitor .
taking the name electro , he turned to a life of crime , his first victim being j .
he has also fought such other heroes as daredevil , fantastic four and the new avengers .
despite his immense power , he has almost always been defeated , usually as a result of his foes outsmarting him or taking advantage of his weakness to water while charged .
seeing this as a chance to rise above the string of failures that had made up so much of his life , electro underwent the procedure .
electro , in an effort to make a final grand gesture , electro threw himself into the hudson river while his body was highly charged , seemingly killing himself in an explosion .
when venom betrayed his fellow sinister six members , attempting to kill them one by one , he attacked electro and left him for dead .
the badly wounded electro recovered fairly quickly , and shortly afterwards joined the sinister twelve , assembled by the green goblin , though he was defeated .
after causing a riot , electro tried to run away with his waitress girlfriend , but was captured by the new avengers .
electro can generate massive quantities of electricity , theoretically up to approximately ten million volts .
when his body is charged to such levels , he becomes superhumanly strong and fast .
he can also glide over power lines by using the electricity contained therein for propulsion , and has on occasion been shown to actually ride on lightning bolts .
during a stint in prison , doctor octopus gave him the ideas of ionizing metals and sparking the petroleum in the fuel tank of a vehicle as a way to generate explosions .
he is extremely powerful but not particularly intelligent , and like the similarly strong but not smart rhino is usually outwitted by his foes .
in new avengers , he was shown to fly , and manipulate large amounts of electricity and machinery , when he freed all the prisoners at rikers .
an experimental procedure heightened his powers , allowing electro to store and absorb a seemingly limitless amount of electricity .
he also seemed to gain the power over magnetism to a certain degree , allowing him to manipulate magnetic fields and move objects in a manner similar to that of magneto , and could overcome his old weakness to water by using the electromagnetic fields around him to vaporize water before it could touch him .
in the ultimate marvel universe , electro has been reimagined with powers as a product of bioengineering .
instead of his mainstream appearance , he is bald , wears a black leather outfit , and has some grotesque burn scars .
as a result of experimentation by justin hammer , max dillon is given the power to control and create electricity .
when electro awakes , he tries to escape federal custody and is apprehended by the ultimates , who place him in s .
custody along with sandman , kraven the hunter , doctor octopus and the green goblin .
after a lengthy battle with the ultimates on the white house lawn , electro is defeated by thor .
in the mc2 alternate future , electro has a daughter , allison dillon who is emotionally delicate because she never had her father in her life and becomes the supervillainess aftershock .
the two overcome their pain and max promises to be a better father .
in the 1990s , electro made an appearance in season five .
here he was rheinholt kragov , instead of max dillon .
bullied by members of a fraternity he was pledging , dillon , after being humiliated at their party , goes out into the rain and is struck by lightning .
he becomes electro and plans revenge on the primary bully , doug reisman .
at this point , max dillon was presumed dead .
however , he returns several episodes later , attempting to make sally , a girl with whom he became infatuated at the party , go through a similar transformation .
he also appeared in the sega cd version of the latter , released two years later .
he appears as the boss of a level set in a power station .
vemon defeats electro by desroying the neon signs that electro is feeding off of .
arrives venom flees , and electro is once again brought into s .
mathieu demy is a french actor , born october ## , ## in paris .
the subsequent dialogue between jessie and mama slowly reveals her reasons for her decision and her life with mama and how thoroughly she has planned her own death , culminating in a disturbing yet unavoidable climax .
winner of the ## pulitzer prize for drama , the original production at the american repertory theater in cambridge , massachusetts , starred kathy bates as jessie and anne pitoniak as mama .
this production eventually made its way to broadway , where it played at the john golden theatre with the same cast .
the ## film version of the same name starred sissy spacek and anne bancroft as daughter and mother , respectively .
marsha norman adapted her own play and wrote the screenplay .
tom moore , who directed the play on broadway , also directed the film .
the film added more characters , whereas the play featured only two performers .
the album was followed by stay ugly a year later .
years later , pile driver himself , stage name of gord kirchin , revealed that the band and albums were just a studio project , and that the band , never really existed at all , with all the names made up , as was virtually everything else about the band .
kirchin later formed his own band , dogs with jobs , and sporadically had been working on solo material .
in ## , the band was reformed as the exalted piledriver , a live band .
a discectomy is a surgical procedure in which an extravasated segment of the intervertebral disc , which is causing pain by stressing the spinal cord or radiating nerves , is dissected .
a laminectomy is often involved to permit access to the intervertebral disc .
unlike the windows explorer , where every item can only exist in one place , viapoint lets you put information in more than one folder .
you can create virtual folders to organize projects and other work without the restrictions of the physical location of your information .
it was built in ## and underwent extensive renovations beginning in ## .
the original design was similar to the nearby truman school , both beaux arts style buildings .
the school taught kindergarten through fourth grade with an enrollment of ## students until its temporary closure .
robin tolmach lakoff is a feminist and professor of linguistics at the university of california , berkeley .
further research on tag questions has cast some doubt on this proposition though .
the festival had its first edition in april of ## and it was organized by the secretaria de cultura de la ciudad de buenos aires .
in the first year the festival had ## guests , among them francis ford coppola , todd haynes , paul morrissey and others .
the festival screened more than ## national and international films .
the following year the event featured more films and other activities were added such as conferences and workshops .
with a similar amount of spectators and guests , the festival was permanently added into the buenos aires list of cultural events .
the festival has an international group and national group of judges .
currently some of the award categories are best film , best script , best director , best actor , best actress and special mentions , aand others .
the film that gets the most votes receives the peoples choice award .
it would be dedicated to the research and promotion of novel and imaginative ways to encourage the production and dissemination of knowledge in ways that enrich everyone .
it is inspired by the geneva declaration on the future of the world intellectual property organization and came from the free software foundation in europe , which is dedicated to the enhancement of open content , free software and other forms of libre copyright approaches by the establishment of a new worldwide organization or through a refreshed wipo .
the bridge is one of the few of its type in the united states , and is the only known bridge of its type in minnesota .
the bridge was listed on the national register of historic places in ## and on the american society of civil engineers historic civil engineering landmarks in ## .
the bridge was proposed in ## as part of a group of improvements along seventh street , linking downtown st .
the seventh street improvement arches bridge posed a special engineering challenge because the street crossed the st .
the bridge also had to carry sewer and water pipes and match the rest of the profile of the regraded hill , making a substantial amount of fill necessary .
this precluded the construction of a bridge with ribbed arches , because this method could not support all the weight of the fill .
truesdell also considered using the classical french method of skewed arch construction , but the amount of skilled stonecutting necessary would have made the cost prohibitive .
he turned to the helicoidal or spiral method , introduced by english mathematician peter nicholson in ## .
this method was mathematically rigorous , but since truesdell studied mathematics as a hobby , he decided to accept the challenge .
the voussoir stones were cut with curved surfaces to form a series of parallel spiral courses .
this required the stonecutters to work with more precision than they were used to , but a skilled foreman helped to organize the work .
the abutments , piers , and wing walls were built with a variety of gray limestone locally quarried in st .
paul doing general contracting for excavation , foundation , and abutments .
mcarthur brothers of chicago was responsible for the final construction of the bridge , which opened for traffic on december ## , ## .
the railroad tracks have since been removed , but the bridge still stands .
today , the bruce vento regional trail follows the former railroad line under the bridge .
shane cultra is a republican member of the illinois house of representatives representing the 105th district where he has served since ## .
cultra had previously served on the iroquois county board from ## to ## .
shane cultra is part owner of country arbors nursery and a 5th generation nurseryman living in urbana , illinois .
shane cultra is the nephew of shane cultra and son of p .
in ## , sony and microsoft were sued by immersion corporation for patent infringement for the use of vibration functions in their gaming controllers .
both patents were continuation applications of a patent application originally filed in november of ## .
while microsoft settled out of court , sony continued to defend the case .
the order to halt sales of the infringing controllers has been stayed pending the outcome of the appeal .
it is known for its concentration of affordable hotels , restaurants , and a wide variety of shops catering to both domestic travellers and foreign tourists , especially those travelling on a relatively low budget .
hyde was born to a large family led by father charles b .
he was among the first students to attend the sjc junior college in ## and ## , before being granted a scholarship by the u .
embassy to study at dartmouth in hanover , new hampshire .
evan enrolled in september ## and graduated in june ## among the top students in his class .
he had settled on a writing career , but events which were to unfold over the next five years greatly altered that outlook .
hyde took a job teaching at belize technical college and in the meantime attempted to link up with other young intellectuals to try to influence the course of belizean development .
hyde formed ubad in february and took over its presidency in march after leader lionel clarke faced charges of inappropriate conduct .
for a further analysis of hyde in ubad , see united black association for development .
hyde left technical to devote his time to the movement , in addition to courting audrey scott , whom he would later marry .
they later separated and hyde has his fourth child , cordel , with another woman , claudette coleman .
in pursuit of his writing career , hyde published knocking our own ting , a satirical analysis of the battle of st .
he also briefly taught at wesley college , a high school in belize city .
he was one of the nine candidates running in coalition with the national independence party in ## city council elections , in which the coalition lost badly .
hyde also failed in bids for the collet division in ## and another city council run in ## , with the pup .
but increasingly hyde found himself devoted to the amandala as editor and then publisher .
hyde today is chair of the ubad educational foundation , successor to ubad and owner of the library of african and indian studies on partridge street .
he is majority shareholder in the kremandala media empire and a great influence on its workers .
one is one thing and one is the other and i am the connection .
with polly i was in the studio for around ## days and then later on i was in the studio for about five days with nick and the bad seeds .
the only area that was difficult was that they didn t want to be seen in competition with each other .
the savage ## was replaced by the updated savage ## .
these parts can easily be retrofitted to previous versions .
## ss and difrent coloured shock absorber springs it also included a commertive shell .
the current rtr version is the hpi savage x .
a railway clerk , gray is believed to have been a member of the independent labour party before helping found the socialist party of great britain in june ## .
strictly speaking this is one lake , originally called llyn mymbyr , with a maximum depth of ## feet .
according to the tradition , eutropius was converted by his wife and became a deacon after her death .
he became famous , among others for miracles attributed to him .
he also corresponded with pope hilarius and was a friend of st .
between ## and ## he took part in the synod of arles .
his diocese had been destroyed by the visigoths and he died as a martyr .
he later moved to lake placid , new york , usa where he bred husky dogs for film and tourism purposes .
he died august ## , ## in lake placid , new york , usa .
they were built and used by the sinagua indians around ## ad .
some of these accounts have led to a mistaken belief that the spanish or americans themselves had named them after the emperor .
a natural overhang shades the rooms and shelters them from rain .
another part of the cliff wall bears the marks of an even larger dwelling , which has not survived .
the dwellings and the surrounding area were declared a u .
the national monument was listed on the national register of historic places on october ## , ## .
this is an easy monument to visit , a short distance off interstate ## , exit ## .
montezuma well is a separate part of the monument , located ## miles northeast , near rimrock , arizona .
the well is a natural limestone sinkhole through which some ## , ## , ## gallons of water flow each day .
the water is highly carbonated and contains high levels of arsenic .
part of a prehistoric canal is preserved at the picnic ground , and portions of the original hohokam canal are still in use today .
clan members periodically return to their former homes for religious ceremonies .
hollis had comparatively little football experience , having previously worked for the probate office and the post office .
bedminster merged with bristol city in ## and hollis lost his job .
however , in ## he returned to manage bristol city .
he left in march ## and managed a hotel between ## and ## , having previously ran a pub between ## and ## .
he left ashton gate in april ## , and in july that year took over as manager of southern league newport county where he remained until ## .
after that he left football altogether , and died in nottingham in april ## .
mine clearance is one of the five core components of mine action .
in its broad sense , it includes surveys , mapping and minefield marking , as well as the actual clearance of mines from the ground .
military mine clearance agencies focus on the process undertaken by soldiers to clear a safe path so they can advance during conflict .
the military process of mine clearance only clears mines that block strategic pathways required in the advance or retreat of soldiers at war .
the military term used for mine clearance is breaching .
minetech international has over ## years experience in mine detection and mine clearance .
minetech has been clearing mines in assisting commercial companies , mainly from the oil and gas industries , to conduct business in countries plagued by mines and uxo .
minetech offers the mine clearance service in the industry which involves taking detailed surveys , mapping minefield areas , mine detection , mine clearance and initiating mine risk education for the local population .
this means that all the mines and erw affecting the places where ordinary people live must be cleared , and their safety in areas that have been cleared must be guaranteed .
mines are cleared and the areas are thoroughly verified so that they can say without a doubt that the land is now safe , and people can use it without worrying about the weapons .
humanitarian mine clearance agencies are usually funded by international governments and private donations .
it is the oldest and the biggest humanitarian demining ngo in the word with over ## , ## deminers , mine clearers in ## countries .
by early ## halo has cleared over ## , ## , ## mines and uxos around the world .
halo has a very simple mission statement getting mines out of the ground , now .
mgm was founded on january 16th ## in germany .
hendrik ehlers and hans georg kruessen founded mgm together with others in ## .
today they are managing directors and active managers of all demining operations at the same time .
they have been working since ## in the field of humanitarian mine clearance and the destruction of dangerous ammunition in southern africa .
it was founded in ## with the active support of italian trade unions .
intersos has a flexible operational structure , with the central headquarters in rome , in charge of planning and coordination of operations , and of field offices in the countries of operation .
response international is a uk registered charity established in ## to support victims of violent conflict .
the objective of these programmes is to design and implement projects that offer immediate relief to victims of conflict and provide sustainable conditions to enable longer term development .
ben remfrey formed the trust in may ## as a direct response to the war in kosovo .
in addition , the fsd assists with the destruction of stockpiles of landmines and conducts mine and uxo safety training for staff of international humanitarian organisations .
fsd is mainly funded by the governments of japan , canada , australia and switzerland as well as international organisations such as wfp , undp , unops or osce .
at the request of the wfp , fsd experts must be ready to intervene worldwide within ## hours .
the fsd has worked for wfp in afghanistan , ethiopia , iraq , laos , sudan and other countries .
though his career in the nfl started only a short time ago , he has distinguished himself as one of the leagues better speacial teams coaches .
in ## , his unit lead the whole of the nfl in net punting average .
in ## , they lead the afc sending their punter to the pro bowl .
in his final year with the raiders he produced a unit that was 3rd in the nfl in punt return average .
his first season with the seahawks , in ## , was rocky but not without success .
the special teams were plagued by injuries and saw a rotation of injury replacements .
casullo had lost former special teams pro bowler alex bannister to another broken collar bone , and the other injuries to wrs , lbs and db began to eat into his personnel .
blown coverages that allowed a kick return for a touchdown in st .
loius versus the hated rams , and a punt return for a touchdown by steve smith in the nfc championship game threatened to doom the seahawks greatest season .
there was evidence of an illegal block in the back freeing steve smith for the punt returned for a td , but the officials picked up the flag , surprising and elating the carolina radio crew .
rouen did have a few standout performances , particularly in the nfc divisional game in seattle and parts of the nfc championship game .
but he was prone to getting off the occasional flat , exceptionally returnable punt .
rouen may well have been the difference for the seahawks as they struggled in the first part of the divisional matchup against the redskins , but his performance in the super bowl left much to be desired .
on january ## , ## , casullo was hired as the tight ends coach for the tampa bay buccaneers , replacing the departing ron middleton .
he joined the staff immediately and will be part of the coaching staff for the senior bowl .
developed in ## , a second cockpit was added behind the original one , and the wing span was increased .
said to have been built in tblilisi to fly over red square at the parade in ## .
albertville is a suburb of johannesburg , south africa .
he is credited by name as composer of ## phish originals , ## of them as a solo credit , in addition to ## credits attributed to the band in the generic .
he was rated as number ## on the rolling stone list of the ## greatest guitarists of all time in ## .
he attended princeton day school for junior high school , where he began to write music with some of his classmates .
after anastasio completed high school , he enrolled in the university of vermont , attending from fall of ## to spring of ## as a philosophy major .
it was here that he met jon fishman , mike gordon , and jeff holdsworth , who founded phish in ## .
in december of ## the group formed to play an rotc dance .
the band was very primitive at this time and used hockey sticks as mic stands .
while at the university of vermont , anastasio hosted an early morning radio program , ambient alarm clock .
also attending mercer was marc daubert who would later occasionally play percussion with phish in ## .
after seeing a phish show , pianist page mcconnell joined phish in the spring of ## , anastasio , along with jon fishman , transferred to goddard college , which he attended from fall of ## to spring of ## .
during this time anastasio also began a lifelong association with composer ernie stires , who taught him techniques for composition and arranging .
while at goddard , anastasio assembled the song cycle the man who stepped into yesterday as his senior project .
these songs would become mainstays of the phish catalog .
anastasio graduated from goddard in ## with a music degree .
anastasio married susan eliza stateser on august ## , ## , and fathered two daughters , eliza jean and isabella .
the family resides in new york , new york and richmond , vermont .
the drugs included hydrocodone and percocet which were prescribed to someone else .
he was released under the custody of a friend and the court date for these charges was set for january ## , ## , at whitehall village court .
if convicted , he will face up to a year in jail .
## , ## , while at his arraignment on misdemeanor drug charges , a local television station reported that law enforcement sources claim that anastasio also had a quantity of heroin in the car .
bad hat in ## , which included fellow vermonter jamie masefield on mandolin , played jazz for a few months .
the group was experimental , including long sections of improvisation all connected by segments conducted by anastasio .
it was a historic event because it represented the very first time members of both phish and the dead shared the stage together .
on february ## , ## , anastasio joined lesh again for a full show at the beacon theater in new york city .
the trio in ## was an evolution of eight foot fluorescent tubes .
the vermont youth orchestra has performed with trey on a number of occasions from the year ## until today .
some of the music originally performed by the sextet was later seen on his ## release , trey anastasio .
oysterhead in ## was a trio which included primus bassist les claypool and the police drummer stewart copeland .
the band reunited june ## , ## at the bonnaroo music festival .
most of the band , including anastasio , performed on the album .
the band featured ray paczkowski on keyboards , les hall on guitar and synthesizers , and skeeto valdez on drums .
the band was formed in early ## , and has since been replaced by trey anastasio band .
serialpod is a trio featuring anastasio , gordon and bill kreutzmann .
on december ## , ## , the band performed at the 14th annual warren haynes christmas jam in asheville , north carolina .
the group performed a series of grateful dead and phish classics , plus covers from nirvana , jimi hendrix , and others .
ivan neville joined the group on keyboards for much of the performance .
the duo have been playing with anastasio and gordon for several months and are currently working on new material .
these shows were remarkable due to the fact that they featured an acoustic set without benevento and russo where gordon played the banjo and anastasio played the acoustic guitar .
anastasio enjoys a reputation as one of the preeminent guitarists working today .
he played drums in early youth , but quickly developed a facility for the acoustic guitar and , more notably , the electric guitar .
the highly resonant hollowbody electric guitars built by languedoc for anastasio , his ibanez tube screamers , and ross compressors are key to his signature tone .
the body was made from a combination of spruce and walnut .
the third languedoc guitar has a flame koa body and features a bronze nut and saddles instead of bone .
this guitar has been used by trey in virtually all live appearances since ## .
0mm adamas graphite guitar pick but does not always do so .
melodically , he often incorporates modes , notably the dorian , mixolydian , and locrian , as well as pentatonic scales .
in addition to scales , trey makes abundant use of arpeggios while improvising as well as in his compositional material .
he incorporates exotic chord progressions and voicings , chord substitutions , ghost notes , and rhythmic scratching .
while most electric guitarists incorporate effects , a tradition pioneered by hendrix , anastasio switches between combinations of effects with a greater degree of facility and creativity than is the norm .
he is aided in this by a custom audio controller that allows him to control combinations of electronics efficiently in batch with his feet .
also , anastasio is known for frequent switching between combinations of guitar pickups and for continually adjusting their tone and volume levels .
in ## , martin released a trey anastasio signature model acoustic guitar .
in his acoustic playing , anastasio makes use of nontraditional tunings to create ethereal ambiance or to recreate folk styles , as did jimmy page .
particularly in the music he has written for his touring and recording projects apart from phish , anastasio has used improvisation as the driving force behind simplified songwriting .
some commentators have speculated that , in this shift , he could be consciously or unconsciously creating a body of standards upon which future generations of musicians will be able to elaborate .
marshall , a new jersey computer systems professional and friend of anastasio since his princeton childhood , has been his primary songwriting collaborator , acting as lyricist .
it was reconstructed between ## and ## from an existing structure , the alan irish barn .
edigas or idigas are a community of people living mainly in south central areas of karnataka .
in costal areas of karnataka they are known as billava or thiyya .
in some parts of karanataka they also called deevaru means islanders .
their main profession were toddy tapping , brewing arrack etc , but now not many people do their traditional job .
it is one of the progressive communities of karnataka .
the origin of the word edigas is hotly disputed .
the word deevaru might had come from the sanskrit word dweep means island which again points to srilanka .
another theory is that the word eda or ida is derived from archaic kannada word ira for toddy .
interestingly edigas or idigas were into toddy shopping business .
edigas are the group based in karnataka , traditionally involved in toddy tapping , liquor sales , ayurveda doctors and farming .
they mainly live in bangalore , chikmagalur , chitradurga , shimoga , hassan and tumkur districts .
there are many popular edigas like dr rajkumar , s .
kagodu satyagraha was an agrarian movement launched in parts of sagar taluk of shimoga district in the early fifties , was a spontaneous protest against the exploitation and oppression of poor tenants and by the idiga .
the movement was in support of the poor and oppressed tenants .
the protest , which started on a small scale , gained momentum with the active participation of veteran socialists such as ram manohar lohia , jayaprakash narayan and gopala gowda .
it was said that social impact of the movement was such that it resulted in the enactment of the land reforms act in the early seventies by the then chief minister , d .
in andhra pradesh , the idigas or edigas live in the rayalaseema area .
they are also called gowda , goundala and kalali in the telangana area , and gowda , gamalia and setti balija in the rest of andhra pradesh .
in tamil nadu , the idiga are also known as iluvar , naidu , vadugan , ediga balija and gavara .
naidu , vadugan , ediga balija and gavara migrated from andhra pradesh , while iluvars are indigenous or kerala origin .
they have a village council headed by a leader from the mudaliar community in the area .
jaiswal community in north india also is similar caste .
south sanpete school district is a public school district in the u .
the district provides education for students in the southern half of sanpete county .
the offices for the district are located in manti .
she first appeared in ## and has been in the show ever since .
bree offered the money to her mother , janelle , because the family was in debt at the time , but janelle decided that the family should all get jobs and that bree was entitled to the money she had won .
in ## , it was discovered during a science project that she is not the biological daughter of janelle or kim timmins .
lately , she has decided that since she does not know her birth parents , she has no real identity .
consequentially , she has tried a range of new looks , including paris hilton , and most recently , gothic .
her boyfriend zeke is keeping up with her new looks in an effort to impress her .
bree makes friends with her biggest book fan anne , who is blind .
anne is the biological daughter of janelle and kim timmins , though she tries to hide it from her and the rest of the timmins family .
she felt guilty about what she had done and said that she wanted to make things right .
bree was switched at birth with anne baxter , the biological daughter of janelle and kim timmins .
macarthur is appointed to head the occupation forces in japan .
wainwright , a pow since may ## , ## , is released from a pow camp in manchuria .
troops land near tokyo to begin the occupation of japan .
he is the brother of triple j radio presenter myf warhurst .
he is also the drummer for the city lights and previously played in a band called manic suede with his brother , andre warhurst .
the city lights have a new album due out in ## .
you are shown pictures in various puzzle forms and have to make a guess from ## multiple choice answers .
marlon was about ## years old when his father , joseph , formed his five oldest sons into the jackson ## singing and dancing group .
the second youngest of the jackson ## , marlon was only one year older than the lead singer of the group , michael .
michael was clearly a child prodigy , and marlon had trouble performing as well as him .
multiple family sources have said that joseph would sometimes beat marlon for failing to dance as well as michael .
joseph wanted to drop marlon from the group , but mother katherine jackson insisted that he stay .
in ## , the jackson ## signed a major label recording contract with motown records .
due to a contract dispute with a previous manager , it was about a year before motown could release any jackson ## records .
around this time , the jackson family moved to california .
michael and marlon stayed briefly with singer diana ross until housing could be for the entire family .
the boys lived a busy life filled with recording and live performances .
michael and marlon were forced to leave the california public school system due to fans disrupting their classroom .
from that point on , most of their education would come from a private tutor .
the brothers and their father wanted motown to give the group better promotion and more artistic control , but motown refused .
the youngest jackson boy , randy , joined the group at this point , bringing the number of brothers in the group back to five .
they eloped in august of ## , thus becoming the first of many jackson siblings to marry without the knowledge of other family members .
he lived at home with his parents for five months before they learned that he was married .
the jacksons recorded several successful albums during this period , such as destiny , triumph and victory .
this tour , the victory tour was marked by strife between the brothers and public criticism of high ticket prices .
michael vowed never to tour with his brothers again , and marlon also was disillusioned about performing with the jacksons .
the next and final jacksons album , ## jackson street , was recorded without the participation of marlon or michael .
in ## through capitol records , marlon released his one and only solo album , baby tonight .
although well received by fans of the jacksons , it was only a modest commercial success .
unlike his brothers , marlon decided to embark on a career outside of show business , becoming a successful real estate agent in southern california .
marlon is still married to carol , making him the only one of the six jackson brothers to avoid divorce .
it is located in the very northwest of the province .
he was born into slavery to a white father and a slave mother on a rural farm in southwestern virginia .
after the slaves were freed there in ## , he worked in west virginia in a variety of manual labor jobs for several years before making his way to hampton roads seeking an education .
he worked his way through the school which is now hampton university and attended college at wayland seminary .
to many politicians and the public in general , he was seen as a popular spokesperson for african american citizens .
representing the last generation of black leaders born into slavery , he was considered credible when speaking publicly and seeking educational improvements for those freedmen who had remained in the new south in an uneasy modus vivendi with the white southerners .
he gained access to top national leaders in politics , philanthropy and education , and was awarded honorary degrees including a doctorate .
washington was criticized by the leaders of the new naacp , which was formed in ## , especially w .
dubois , who demanded a harder line on civil rights protests .
washington replied that confrontation would lead to disaster for the outnumbered blacks , and that cooperation with supportive whites was the only way to overcome pervasive racism in the long run .
however , while he did some aggressive civil rights work secretively , such as funding court cases , .
in general , he seemed to truly believe in skillful accommodation to many of the social realities of the age of segregation .
while apparently resolved to many undesirable social conditions in the short term , he also clearly had his eyes on a better future for blacks .
through his own personal experience , he knew that good educations were a major and powerful tool for individuals to collectively accomplish that .
his philosophy and tireless work on education issues helped him enlist both the moral and substantial financial support of many philanthropists .
these individuals and many other wealthy men and women funded his causes , such as supporting the institutions of higher education at hampton and tuskegee .
each school was originally founded to produce teachers , .
however , many had often gone back to their local communities to find precious few schools and educational resources to work with in the largely impoverished south .
to address those needs , through provision of millions of dollars and innovative matching funds programs , dr .
washington and his philanthropic network stimulated local community contributions to build small community schools .
together , these efforts eventually established and operate over ## , ## schools and supporting resources for the betterment of blacks throughout the south in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
in addition to his substantial contributions in the field of education , dr .
washington did much to improve the overall friendship and working relationship between the races in the united states .
his autobiography , up from slavery , first published in ## , is still widely read today .
his mother jane was a cook and his father was a white man from a nearby farm .
as the great day drew nearer , there was more singing in the slave quarters than usual .
it was bolder , had more ring , and lasted later into the night .
most of the verses of the plantation songs had some reference to freedom .
after the reading we were told that we were all free , and could go when and where we pleased .
my mom , who was standing by my side , leaned over and kissed her children , while tears of joy ran down her cheeks .
she explained to us what it all meant , that this was the day for which she had been so long praying , but fearing that she would never live to see .
in the summer of ## , at the age of nine , booker and his brother john and his sister , amanda , moved to malden in kanawha county , west virginia with their mother to join his stepfather .
he even signed up briefly as a hired hand on a steamboat .
many other houseboys had failed to satisfy the demanding and methodical mrs .
ruffner , when he could , young booker attended school and learned to read and to write .
and soon , he sought even more education than was available in his community .
leaving malden at sixteen , washington enrolled at the hampton normal and agricultural institute , in hampton , virginia .
students with little income such as washington could get a place there by working to pay their way .
the normal school at hampton was founded for the purpose of training black teachers and had been largely funded by church groups and individuals such as william jackson palmer , a quaker , among others .
in many ways he was back where he had started , earning a living through menial tasks , but his time at hampton led him away from a life of labor .
from ## to ## he attended wayland seminary in washington , d .
soon , hampton officials recommended him to become the first principal of a similar school being founded in alabama .
former slave lewis adams and other organizers of a new normal school in tuskegee , alabama sought a bright and energetic leader for their new school .
upon the strong recommendation of hampton university founder samuel c .
armstrong , washington became the first principal of tuskegee normal and industrial institute , which opened on july ## , ## .
the new school later developed into the tuskegee institute and is now tuskegee university .
tuskegee provided an academic education and instruction for teachers , but placed more emphasis on providing young black boys with practical skills such as carpentry and masonry .
his theory was , that by providing these skills , african americans would play their part in society and this would lead to acceptance by white americans .
he believed that african americans would eventually gain full civil rights by showing themselves to be responsible , reliable american citizens .
he was head of the school until his death in ## .
in his autobiography up from slavery , he gave all three of his wives enormous credit for their work at tuskegee and was emphatic that he would not have been successful without them .
washington and smith were married in the summer of ## .
davidson was born in ohio , spent time teaching in mississippi and tennessee and received her education at hampton institute and the massachusetts state normal school at framingham .
washington met davidson at tuskegee , where she had come to teach .
and ernest davidson washington , before she died in ## .
his third marriage took place in ## to margaret james murray .
she was from mississippi and was a graduate of fisk university .
washington was routinely consulted by republican congressmen and presidents about the appointment of african americans to political positions .
he worked and socialized with many white politicians and notables .
he argued that the surest way for blacks eventually to gain equal rights was to demonstrate patience , industry , thrift , and usefulness and said that these were the key to improved conditions for african americans in the united states and that they could not expect too much , having only just been granted emancipation .
it should be noted , however , that despite not condemning jim crow laws and the inhumanity of lynching publicly , washington privately contributed funds for legal challenges against segregation and disfranchisement , such as his support in the case of giles v .
harris , which went before the united states supreme court in ## .
washington associated with the richest and most powerful businessmen and politicians of the era .
he was seen as a spokesperson for african americans and became a conduit for funding educational programs .
as a result , countless small schools were established through his efforts , in programs that continued many years after his death .
a representative case of an exceptional relationship was his friendship with millionaire industrialist henry h .
around ## , rogers heard washington speak at madison square garden .
in june ## , a few weeks later , dr .
washington told his audiences that his goal of the trip as planned with rogers was to improve relations between the races and economic conditions for african americans along the route of the new railway , which touched many previously isolated communities in the southern portions of virginia and west virginia which had been passed by when earlier railroads were built .
washington also publicly revealed for the first time that rogers had been quietly funding operations of ## small country schools for african americans , and had given substantial sums of money to support tuskegee institute and hampton institute .
she hoped to construct some elementary schools for negro children in the south .
her contributions and those of henry rogers and others funded schools in many communities where the white people were also very poor , and few funds were available for negro schools .
by ## , rosenwald , son of an immigrant clothier , had risen to become president of sears , roebuck and company in chicago .
in ## rosenwald was asked to serve on the board of directors of tuskegee institute , a position he held for the remainder of his life .
washington could spend less time traveling to seek funding and devote more time towards management of the school .
the school building program was one of its largest programs .
by ## , the facilities could accommodate one third of all african american children in southern u .
when his autobiography , up from slavery , was published in ## , it became a bestseller and had a major impact on the african american community , and its friends and allies .
in march of ## , with the permission of his descendants , examination of medical records indicated that he died of hypertension , with a blood pressure more than twice normal .
he is buried on the campus of tuskegee university near the university chapel .
washington was granted an honorary masters of arts degree from harvard university in ## and an honorary doctorate degree from dartmouth college in ## .
washington memorial half dollar that was minted by the united states from ## to ## .
washington became the first african american to be depicted on a united states postage stamp .
on april ## , ## , the house where he was born in franklin county , virginia was designated as the booker t .
a state park in chattanooga , tn was named in his honor , as was a bridge adjacent to his alma mater , hampton university , across the hampton river in hampton , virginia .
robert russa moton , head of tuskegee university after booker t .
washington memorial in honor of being a prolific leader , author and educator for african americans .
at the center of the campus at tuskegee university , the booker t .
numerous us high schools and middle schools are named after booker t .
notwithstanding the cruelty and moral wrong of slavery , we are in a stronger and more hopeful condition , materially , intellectually , morally , and religiously , than is true of an equal number of black people in any other portion of the globe .
some of these people do not want the negro to lose his grievances , because they do not want to lose their jobs .
i have begun everything with the idea that i could succeed , and i never had much patience with the multitudes of people who are always ready to explain why one cannot succeed .
the history of the world fails to show a higher , purer , and more unselfish class of men and women than those who found their way into those negro schools .
washington papers university of illinois press online version of complete fourteen volume set of all letters to and from booker t .
washington papers digital archive , university of illinois press searchable index to complete annotated text of all important letters to and from washington and all his writings .
the company also made several models of electric guitars and electric basses .
many characteristic features of the modern flatop steel strung acoustic guitar were first introduced by the firm .
some influential creations of the company include the dreadnought body style and scalloped x bracing .
born in ## in markneukirchen , germany , c .
martin came from a long line of cabinet makers and woodworkers .
shortly after opening he became embroiled in a controversy between two guilds .
at the time european craftsmen operated under the guild system .
the violin makers guild began to claim exclusive rights to manufacture musical instruments .
although the cabinet makers successfully defended their rights to build guitars , martin decided that the guild system was too restrictive , and in ## he moved to new york city .
the musical and structural integrity of an acoustic guitar is a balance between the need to allow the soundboard of the guitar to resonate freely for acoustic purposes versus the compensation needed for maintaining structural integrity over the long term .
the growing popularity of the guitar in the early 1900s , fueled by the growing popularity of folk music and country and western music , led to a demand for louder and more percussive guitars .
this led to many companies beginning to string their guitars with metal instead of catgut .
forays into mandolin making in the late 1890s and ukulele making in the 1920s greatly contributed to their expansion , and by ## they were making over ## instruments per year .
in ## they opened a new plant which is still the primary martin production facility .
most guitars at the time had only ## frets where the neck joins the body .
originally devised in ## as a collaboration between martin and a prominent retailer , the dreadnought body style was larger and deeper than most guitars .
the greater volume and louder bass produced by this expansion in size was intended to make the guitar more useful as an accompaniment instrument for singers .
in ## martin built its ## , 000th guitar , and in ## they built their millionth guitar .
the x brace system has been shown to be an efficient technique for preventing the top of the guitar from warping under this force .
generally , the higher the number , the higher the level of ornamentation .
it is an extremely popular guitar with a full sound , good balance between bass and treble .
today these models use solid woods such as mahogany , east indian rosewood , koa , sapele and maple .
also features specially designed top braces , shaped back braces and beveled rear block .
due to this construction these guitars are more environmentally friendly .
martin stamped on them but look very similar to schaller heads .
this contains red , white , black and green wires as well as an uninsulated ground wire .
the switch alters the tone from a bright to a more bassy sound by cutting one pickup coil out of the circuit .
this network is placed directly from the red pickup lead to ground .
the volume control is a simple potentiometer wired between the red pickup lead and ground with the wiper being fed to the output jack .
the control compartment is covered on the rear surface of the body by a polished brass plate .
the interior of the compartment is coated with a light colored conductive paint to act as a screen against unwanted pickup such as mains hum .
there is a pair of compartments inside for cables and other items .
the case is closed with four toggle latches and has a centrally placed carrying handle .
the next model , the eb ## , was more popular .
the african parliament held its inaugural session in march ## .
at present it exercises oversight , and has advisory and consultative powers , which will last for the first five years of its existence , after that time period it will exercise full legislative powers .
its ## parliamentary representatives are elected by the legislatures of the ## au states rather than being directly elected in their own capacity .
initially the seat of the pan african parliament was in addis ababa , ethiopia but it was later moved to midrand , south africa .
additionally , ten permanent committees were created dealing with different sectors of life in africa .
kabwe is the capital of the zambian central province .
it was named broken hill until ## , after the broken hill in australia .
the city has an estimated ## , ## inhabitants .
in the city were lead , zinc , cadmium , vanadium and manganese mining facilities .
the town is known for its football club , kabwe warriors .
kabwe warriors are one of the top ## teams in the country .
the town lies on the great north road and the railway from lusaka to kitwe .
kabwe is also home to a golf course and lies on the kitwe to livingstone via lusaka railway .
swan valley is a city in bonneville county , idaho , united states .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the city .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
he was previously the offensive coordinator of the organization in the early 1990s .
it is also available at certain times on westlink , which is broadcast on transmitters in albany and bunbury , and via optus aurora throughout australia .
the station started broadcasting on ## june ## , and received a permanent broadcasting licence in ## .
access ## complements existing television services in the state with an emphasis on local programming .
however , it has also been able to compete favorably against other television networks , drawing in a viewing audience in excess of ## , ## different people per month according to the oztam television ratings research firm .
the station also carries a number of programs originally developed at other channel ## stations in other states .
since then he has coached and managed most notably as assistant manager at celtic and manager at coventry city and motherwell .
it was created by the local government act ## based on the aston rural sanitary district .
it consisted of the parishes of castle bromwich , curdworth , minworth , water orton and wishaw .
the district was abolished in ## , and the parishes added to the meriden rural district .
this reaction occurs in all plants as the first step of the calvin cycle .
in c4 plants , carbon dioxide is drawn out of malate and into this reaction rather than directly from the air .
c3 plants must be in areas with high concentrations of carbon dioxide because rubisco often incorporates an oxygen molecule into the rubp , instead of a carbon dioxide molecule .
high concentrations of carbon dioxide lowers the chance that rubisco incorporates an oxygen molecule .
c4 and cam plants have adaptations that allow it survive in areas where the plant cannot take in a lot of carbon dioxide .
jing ke was introduced by tian guang to dan the crown prince of yan .
after travelling around , he arrived at yan and made friends with gao jianli and a butcher of dogs .
together they passed the days drinking and having fun .
instead of going to battle , dan consulted with tian guang on a course of action , and decided to assassinate the king of qin .
tian guang , who was a friend of jing ke , recommended him to dan to carry out the assassination .
having learned of his whereabouts , jing ke persuaded the general to commit suicide , as the king of qin wanted his head .
together with the head and a map of yan , jing ke had enough reasons to approach the king of qin .
armed with a dagger covered with poison hidden in the case holding the map , jing ke and qin wu yang represented yan and met with the king of qin .
qin wu yang was carrying the map case while jing ke was holding the head of general fan .
qin wu yang became nervous and his face turned white .
seizing his chance , jing ke took the map case from qin wu yang .
while presenting the map to the king of qin , he seized the dagger and plunged it towards the king of qin while grasping his sleeve .
jing ke missed and in the struggle , the sleeve was torn off and the king of qin escaped .
after being advised by a court official , who mimed the slinging of the sword across the back and the drawing of it across the shoulder , the king of qin finally managed to draw his sword and stabbed jing ke with it eight times .
jing ke , knowing that his chance was slipping away , threw the dagger at the king but missed .
jing ke does not appear in the film hero , also about the attempted assassination of qin shi huang , although the events of that movie are loosely based on his story .
a highly fictionalized version of jing ke appeared in the film , played by wuxia actor donnie yen .
in the film , jing ke was , like the other principal characters in the film , an immortal warrior .
smoothie is a franchisor of juice and smoothie bars primarily in the eastern united states , with locations in new york , massachusetts , pennsylvania , new jersey , maryland , virginia , kentucky , and north carolina .
in linguistics , a quantized expression is such that , whenever it is true of some entity , it is not true of any proper subparts of that entity .
the notion was first applied to linguistic semantics by the logician manfred krifka .
nominal reference , temporal constitution and quantification in event semantics .
executive order ## is an executive order signed into law by u .
bush on september ## , ## as a response to the september ## , ## attacks .
it describes powers designed to disrupt the financial activities of named terrorist organisations .
associated processes , and personnel for collecting , processing , storing , disseminating , and managing information on demand to warfighters , policymakers , and support personnel .
the gig was envisioned by the department of defense chief information officer on september ## , ## and was officially mandated by an overarching directive from the deputy secretary of defense on september ## , ## .
for the warfighter , situational awareness would be improved tremendously by linking what he sees with what an overhead satellite sees .
the fog of war would be lifted by seamless communication between unit members , offsite detection devices , and commanders operating behind the line .
his or her authority extends to all phases of the gig design , from planning to development to implementation to maintenance .
the gig , when completed , would connect all technology within the department of defense , much like the internet .
individual gig components resemble client computers and gig es core services can be compared to the services offered from the data centers of internet service providers and hosting companies .
the ## dod directive effectively redesignates all existing computer networks , technology services , and data applications within the department as part of the gig .
agencies have evolved independent efforts to bring their services into compliance with gig es architecture .
one such infrastructure to join the gig is the nmci network .
there is no set timeline for the completion of the global information grid , although disa has projected gig es completion to be sometime in ## .
dod has made relatively little progress on this second front .
this may or may not include some consumption of the material , consumption of which may carry health risks .
specific human toilet furniture exists for use in the act .
human toilet furniture has some resemblance to smotherboxes and other queening stools used in face sitting .
a standard toilet seat may be used , as a psychological hint for the intended use .
while human toilet furniture with a low upper deck are very close to queening stools , the height of the deck varies .
thus body parts of human toilet furniture users may not even touch , while in case of queening stools such physical connection is a requisite .
human toilet is usually associated with femdom that involves the male toilet slaves serving the dominant female .
a single male slave may serve several female dominants and forced to survive on nothing except consuming female bodily waste .
in extreme cases where the female dominant wishes to add misery to the male slave , she will force him to eat her vomit .
sheshequin township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
according to the united states census bureau , the township has a total area of ## .
as of the census2 of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the township .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the township the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
newton aycliffe is a town in county durham , england .
founded in ## under the new towns act of ## , it is the oldest new town in the north of england .
it has a population of nearly ## , ## people .
aycliffe was the location of a church synods in ad ## and ad ## .
in more recent times aycliffe was a key element in world war ii ammunitions manufacturing .
the marshy land was ideal cover against the luftwaffe as it was almost continually shrouded in fog and mist .
huge grass covered munitions factories were built and serviced by the nearby railway lines .
the factories were eventually replaced by manufacturing buildings that became the industrial district of aycliffe .
famous businesses located in the town include flymo and 3m .
up until ## , fujitsu had a semiconductor plant situated on the newton aycliffe industrial estate , at which point it was closed with the loss of all ## jobs .
its railway station lies on the original stockton and darlington railway .
locomotion no ## was placed on the lines at nearby aycliffe station in ## .
the name of the station was subsequently changed to heighington lane station , and is now heighington station .
when he was eight years old his family left the orthodox faith and joined up with the molokan faith in the village of nikitino .
again , the date is unknown because we do not know for sure what his exact birth date is .
as he grew older he started to learn wagon wheel making , this was his trade during his stay there .
in ## he received the gifts of the holy spirit .
soon after in a vision , in which the lord almighty and his son told him that he was to be appointed to govern gods people on earth during the ## years of paradise .
and it was during this time that all who saw the vision were filled with the holy spirit and jumped and leaped like king david in the bible .
the authorities started to worry because the molokans were even starting to challenge the orthodox faith .
like the inquisitions they decided to round up the ringleaders of the jumpers and leapers sect and send them to correction facilities .
in september ## he was exiled to the solovetsky monastery for preaching against the orthodox church and the czar .
he was then moved to the sudzal monastery prison where he remained for ## years .
it was there that some say he died and some say that he was taken up into heaven because he himself prophesied that he would never die .
it is part of the city of mitcham and the onkaparinga .
he has played with ## different nrl teams , and in august ## was dropped by melbourne storm .
chris is the younger brother of fellow professional rugby league players shane walker and ben walker .
in november , ## it was announced that chris will be given a trial with the gold coast titans .
many believe he has been thrown a life line after being dumped by the melbourne storm and many fans are interested to see how he will fare .
the petten nuclear reactors are nuclear research reactors in petten , the netherlands .
the high flux reactor in petten has been in use since ## .
the life span of the current hfr will end around ## .
the low flux reactor has been in use since ## .
the lfr is mainly used for the production of neutrons for biological and physical research .
also at the high flux reactor , one of the neutron beam channels , which was originally installed for performing fundamental research , has been specially modified for the direct irradiation of patients .
this allows use of neutrons for the treatment of tumors , after saturation of these tumors with a pharmaceutical containing boron .
boron , when hit by a weak neutron beam , will locally emit radiation that will destroy the tumor .
this technique is mainly suitable for the treatment of brain tumors .
in ## , the high flux reactor was shut down for a few weeks because of two unrelated issues .
there were indications of a weld defect in the reactor vessel and there were some concerns about the safety culture within the company .
after completion of extensive research , and the announcement of a series of additional measures , the reactor was put back into use .
he is a small vessel who acts as customs officer for the port .
he often stands at the entrance to the estuary ready to question and check incoming shipping before clearance .
despite his size , he has heavy influence and authority over the vessels of the port .
he has made numerous cameo appearances , but had minor speaking roles in high winds and quarantine .
he is believed to be voiced by british actor lee cornes , who also voiced grampus and boomer in the series .
it appeared in various episodes , but was finally named in quarantine , when it was temporarily sunk in the middle of the port after hitting a fire barge towed by oj .
johnny cuba is a notorious and violent tramp steamer gangster .
his strong accent and dialect indicate that he is from australia .
he made his first and only appearance in high winds .
cuba had arrived at bigg city port to make plans with fellow criminal friends during a period of strong and troublesome tempest weather .
he threatened zebedee and manipulated him into helping him into the port .
cuba sent zebedee on an errand to steal a barge of coal , and threatened to sink him if he landed either of them in trouble .
zebedee struck up the courage to trap cuba and have him arrested , and was forgiven .
these books are not necessarily considered canon by fans .
a dirty old tramp steamer and a notorious villain .
made his first and only appearance in quarantine , in which he attempted to trick sunshine into taking him into port by pulling down the checkered quarantine flag .
after his plan was foiled , he was sentenced by the coast guard to a further forty days in quarantine along with zorran .
the naval tramp steamer who made her first and only appearance in munitions .
she was destroyed and sunk after a fire erupted on the dock in the middle of a loading operation that involved both fuel and munitions .
he was in this form before 4th of july , as he appears in the liner scene of warrior in sunshine .
old rusty is possibly a naval tramp steamer , he made only a brief appearance in warrior , anchored out in the estuary .
he said that he had been anchored there for two years .
the earl peel attended ampleforth college , and then went on to tours university in france and the royal agricultural college in cirencester .
he married , secondly , in ## the hon .
charlotte clementine soames , daughter of lord soames and his wife , mary , daughter of sir winston churchill .
he was a member of the nature conservancy council , with english nature , from ## to ## .
he is president of the game conservancy trust and was president of the yorkshire wildlife trust from ## to ## .
lord peel was also on the yorkshire dales national park committee for six years .
he is an elected member of the house of lords .
in june ## it was announced that lord peel would succeed lord luce as lord chamberlain .
on ## october ## , he kissed hands with the queen upon his appointment and was invested as a knight grand cross of the royal victorian order , and became chancellor of the order .
on ## november ## , lord peel was sworn in as a member of the privy council .
it was first performed on august ## of that year .
a solo organ plays the original violin part , while the orchestra adds an accompaniment .
physicians sometimes test for it when assessing whether a patient is brain dead .
in a dead person the eyes remain fixed relative to the head when the neck is rotated .
since the test involves rapid neck movement , it is contraindicated in patients with spinal cord injuries and suspected spinal cord injuries .
crawshaw was a strong supporter of the territorial army and on one occasion voted against the annual defence estimates because they failed to make a large enough provision for it .
he was later raised to the peerage as baron crawshaw of aintree , of salford in the county of greater manchester .
he was reported to have been a very diligent constituency mp who personally visited the homes in his liverpool constituency of toxteth calling on the homes in several streets each week , to the surprise of the residents .
the pair were observed trying to hatch a rock that resembled an egg .
and tango makes three has received several national book awards .
tango was also a finalist for the ## lambda literary award .
in shiloh , illinois , some parents of students at shiloh elementary school requested in november ## that the book be placed in a restricted section of the library and for the school to consider that students have parental permission prior to checking the book out .
the school superintendent resolved instead to keep the book available to all students .
gorman agreed to let a committee review the decision due to concerns that the policy on banning books was not followed .
born in providence , he was educated in private schools there , studied textile manufacturing in yorkshire , england , and engaged in textile manufacturing .
metcalf served as a member of the rhode island house of representatives from ## to ## and in ## , and was a member of the providence common council from ## to ## .
he was chairman of the metropolitan park commission of rhode island from ## to ## , and a member of the penal and charitable board from ## to ## .
in addition , he was president of rhode island hospital , a trustee of the rhode island school of design at providence and of brown university , and from ## to ## a republican national committeeman .
metcalf was elected as a republican to the u .
on november ## , ## , to fill the vacancy caused by the death of lebaron b .
stevenson college , edinburgh is the fifth largest college in scotland .
it was founded in ## , and is named after famous scottish engineer , robert stevenson .
the college welcomes approximatley ## students each year , of which approx .
in ## the rocking ceremony was performed by the rt hon bishop of southwell .
this monumental object is 14ft high , 84ft around the base and has a hollow centre large enough for a man to pass through .
meta search enables users to enter search criteria once and access several search engines simultaneously .
since it is hard to catalogue the entire web , the idea is that by searching multiple search engines you are able to search more of the web in less time and do it with only one click .
another use is to get at least some results when no result had been obtained with traditional search engines .
metasearch engines create what is known as a virtual database .
they do not compile a physical database or catalogue of the web .
they also differ in how the results are presented and the quantity of engines that are used .
some will list results according to search engine or database .
others return results according to relevance , often concealing which search engine returned which results .
this benefits the user by eliminating duplicate hits and grouping the most relevant ones at the top of the list .
search engines frequently have different ways they expect requests submitted .
the better metasearch engines try to synthesize requests appropriately when submitting them .
results can vary between metasearch engines based on a large number of variables .
he taught and wrote on the subject of mysticism .
his books are widely read , especially by people interested in spirituality .
he graduated in ## from wilmington college as a chemistry major .
then he went to haverford college in philadelphia , pennsylvania where he came under the mentoring of rufus jones , a prominent friend .
it was at this time that he came into contact with the more traditional mystical vein of the religious society of friends .
kelly went to hartford theological seminary to be trained as a missionary .
kelly went to england where he worked first with the ymca and then with german prisoners of war .
when he returned to the united states he completed his seminary training and married lael macy .
then he went back to hartford seminary where he earned a doctorate in philosophy and an induction to phi beta kappa .
when he returned , the only job he could find was at earlham college in richmond , indiana .
he was unhappy there and came to realize that he did not agree with much of his evangelical background anymore .
in ## kelly began working on a second ph .
in ## he went to teach at the university of hawaii and began advanced research in eastern philosophies .
in ## kelly became a professor at haverford college .
he published the dissertation for his second doctorate in ## , but he failed in the oral defense due to a memory lapse .
this failure put kelly into a period of grief , during which time he apparently had a spiritual awakening .
kelly received word on january ## ## that harper and brothers was willing to meet with him to discuss the publication of a devotional book .
he died of a heart attack later that same day .
the book was published under the title a testament of devotion .
some of his other essays have been collected in a book entitled the eternal promise .
roy decarava was born in harlem in december of ## , and lived there through many decades of important changes to the neighborhood .
in decarava s youth , harlem was cultivating its reputation as a flourishing african american neighborhood , and he came of age during a time when many prominent black artists , musicians and writers were in their prime .
he was close to poet langston hughes , and would later publish a book with him titled , the sweet flypaper of life , which chronicled the lives of harlem residents .
decarava was raised by his single mother , and to earn money he began working at an early age .
he continued to hold odd jobs throughout most of his career as a photographer .
through diligence and hard work , he secured admission to the cooper union , but left after two years to attend classes at the harlem art center .
deciding early on that he wanted to be an artist , he began working as a painter and commercial illustrator , and many of his early photographs were meant only as reference for serigraph prints .
he was drawn to photography by the directness of the medium , and he soon found himself communicating the themes and ideas of his paintings photographically .
decarava , however , has never considered himself of this tradition .
rather his work harkens to the intense visual imagery and tones that influenced him as an early painter and graphic artist .
he cherishes the people , places , and events in his pictures and developed early the means to express his affection .
he shoots using only ambient light , then prints so as to coax light expressively out of very dark images or , less often , to delineate darker detail in very light ones .
decarava worked for a time at sports illustrated magazine , but found it difficult to adjust his style and schedule to the constraints of commercial work .
he did a series on the set of requiem for a heavyweight in ## , which the director liked so much he bought nearly ## prints .
despite his successes decarava felt very strongly about maintaining the artistic integrity of his images , and eventually gave up magazine and freelance work in order to take on a job teaching at hunter college , where he is still a distinguished member of the faculty .
in ## , he was awarded the national medal of arts .
edited by james alinder , friends of photography , ## .
the language comes with an extensible java object model .
carter was tutor in the department of politics at the university of york from ## .
he subsequently held a number of jobs in the labour party , including head of policy , local organiser for teesside and durham and regional organiser in south west england during the ## general election .
as assistant general secretary , he set up forethought , a policy think tank within the party .
matt carter is labour s youngest general secretary , appointed to the job aged ## in december ## .
he took up office on ## january ## succeeding david triesman , and announced his resignation on ## september ## , following the ## general election victory .
in such circumstances , we have an inversion of the traditional distinction between hard , objective scientific facts , and soft subjective values .
although their work is based on science , they must always cope with uncertainties , and their mistakes can be costly or lethal .
it had once been believed that environmental and general policy problems could be managed at this level , but the great issues of global warming and diverse forms of pollution show that framing and implementing policies must frequently be done before all the facts are in .
the restaurant currently has ## locations , mostly concentrated in the northern midwest .
the restaurant has recently opened locations in florida , and kentucky and is looking to continued expansion .
it also has various sportcourses such as football and ice hockey .
he competed at the ## summer olympics in athens .
this put him in a tie for seventh overall , with ioannis poulos who was fourth in the other preliminary group .
as of ## , the population was ## , ## .
ozaukee county has the smallest land mass of any county in the state of wisconsin .
as of the ## census , ozaukee county had the 2nd lowest poverty rate of any county in the united states , at ## .
in terms of per capita income , it is the 33rd wealthiest county in the country .
there were ## , ## households out of which ## .
in the county , the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
midlothian is a city in northwest ellis county , texas , united states .
as of ## , the city population is estimated at ## , ## .
however , the project was halted by the united states house of representatives in ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## , ## households , and ## , ## families residing in the city .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
there were ## , ## households out of which ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
a large industrial park , railport is located along u .
railport is home to several distribution facilities including , target , toys r us , and kehe foods .
## million square foot facility for solo cups is forthcoming .
it is called the triple freeport tax exemption meaning that the businesses are exempt from property taxes from the city , county and school district .
because of lower government revenues but higher infrastructure costs to serve these businesses , property taxes for other businesses and residents are higher .
due to a strict school and conservative community , these bands are mostly of the rock genre .
music teachers have encouraged this , and several of the bands have gone on to be signed by major labels such as victory .
there are two primary venues for music in midlothian , the lighthouse , where bands such as photodrive play , and the midlothian bible church .
the ruthwell cross is an important anglo saxon cross , dating back to the eighth century .
this cross is remarkable for its runic inscription , which contains excerpts from the dream of the rood , an old english poem .
the cross was smashed in ## , but it was restored in ## by henry duncan .
it was shattered , and some of the carved emblems were nearly obliterated , and in this state the rood was left where it had fallen , in the altarless church , and was used , it appears , as a bench to sit upon .
later on it was removed from the church and left out in the churchyard .
there are carvings upon it of various events in the life of jesus , on the north and south sides .
on the east and west is carved a vine in fruit , with animals feeding .
the runes were first described around ## , and reginald bainbrigg of appleby recorded the inscription for the britannia of william camden .
his rendition referred to a place called the vale of ashlafr , compensation for injury , a font and a monastery of therfuse .
nancy , who had been selling programs at the orlando shows took the job .
nancy and kevin sullivan were married in ## and the duo would travel throughout the u .
during this time she also changed her name to woman .
the steiner brothers and doom went on to feud , with the main point being the steiners still seeking revenge on woman .
in response , she acquired a bodyguard known as nitron to protect her from them .
in ## , ric flair and his four horsemen soon caught her wandering eye and she dumped nitron and doom to manage flair .
when kevin resought the greener pastures of wcw , nancy remained in ecw , going on to manage sandman and ## cold scorpio .
after being unceremoniously dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing as one of many women who would stand in the aisle and wave as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .
daus has been married to kevin sullivan in the past and is currently married to chris benoit .
he was born in arthabaska , quebec in ## .
after his return to quebec in ## , he produced many impressionist paintings of the quebec landscape , as well as portraits , nudes , historical paintings and later sculptures .
## live is a commercial german participation tv channel and launched on september ## , ## .
most of its programming is lottery and quiz games , in which the viewer can participate over the phone .
the channel finances itself mainly through money paid for the phone calls .
independently of whether the calling party will have the chance to talk to the quiz host , they will pay ## euro cent to call from germany or ## cents from austria .
## million euro in the year ## and ## .
for comparison , during broadcast the channel proudly claims to have paid out close to one million euro in november ## alone .
9live also features a wide range of humorous and comical moderators .
one name worth mentioning is alida lauenstein , winner of big brother germany and german playmate of the year , who can be seen moderating from time to time .
minister of labour walter riester called the idea absurd and cynical .
as of ## the channel now broadcasts its late night programming from the hours of ## am until 6am .
such instruction sets are commonly stack based rather than register based to reduce the size of operand specifiers .
such a stack machine architecture is inherently simpler since all instructions operate on the top most stack entries .
a result of this is a smaller intruction set , a smaller and faster instruction decode unit , and overall faster operation of individual instructions .
misc architectures have a lot in common with the forth programming language , and the java virtual machine .
he studied at the university of exeter and manchester and then went on to be a research fellow at the university of milan .
bulpitt returned to the uk to be a lecturer at the university of strathclyde .
he then went to lecture at warwick in ## as a founding member of its politics department .
he eventually came to be chairman of the politics department .
nejo is one of the ## woredas in the oromia region of ethiopia .
towns in nejo include gori , nejo and wara jiru .
coffee is an important cash crop of this woreda .
over ## , ## hectares is planted with this crop .
## square kilometers , nejo has an estimated population density of ## .
## people per square kilometer , which is greater than the zone average of ## .
on ## december ## at magersfontein , south africa , during a retirement , captain towse helped a mortally wounded colonel and although close to the front of the firing line , supported him until help arrived .
on ## april ## captain towse and ## men confronted a party of about ## boers on the top of mount thaba , far from any support .
he debuted in ## with single and still remains active and popular to this date .
while he can also be seen in dramas fukuyama masaharu is best known for his singing career and remains popular among the japanese .
since his debut in ## , he steadily gained popularity .
a year later , hello became his second single to sell over a million copies .
in ## , he was sent to sydney to cover the olympics by tv asahi as a photographer .
the quality of his voice has shown marked improvement since , which is good news to all his fans .
from ## through ## , he played for the st .
throughout his major league career , kress was known for his great disposition and perpetual motion .
although he played mostly at shortstop , he showed his versatility playing every position but catcher and center fielder .
despite his efforts , in ## he was traded by st .
louis to the chicago white sox , who were unveiling luke appling at shortstop .
kress therefore adapted to whatever position he had to play , even pitching , in detriment of his offensive production .
in the ## midseason , he was sent by chicago to the washington senators .
with the senators , kress had to compete with joe cronin , who was not only the shortstop but the manager .
then kress became an utility , playing in seven different positions , until cronin released him in ## .
kress spent ## with the minneapolis millers of the american association , hitting .
## and leading the league shortstops in total chances .
he was readquired by the browns before the ## season .
traded to the detroit tigers in ## , he broke his leg during the season .
but he lost in the ninth , ## ## , on a hit , walk and error .
in ## , kress returned to the majors when he signed with the new york giants under manager mel ott .
## hitter with ## hits , ## doubles , ## triples , ## home runs , ## runs , ## rbi , and ## stolen bases in ## games played .
## percentage as result of ## putouts , ## assists , and ## errors in ## chances , and also made ## double plays .
in ## , kress started his coaching career with the giants .
kress came to new york again , this time to coach for the hapless ## mets under casey stengel .
almost two months after the season was over , kress died from a heart attack in los angeles , california , at ## years of age .
it is an initiative of maharishi mahesh yogi , also famous for creating maharishi open university .
it is currently used side by side with local currency in around ## shops in the netherlands .
it can be exchanged at a rate of ## euros for ## raam nl .
hart was an actress and dancer who had a successful stage career and appeared occasionally in cinema and television .
she married her second husband ronnie corbett in ## .
showtime is the second album from british grime star dizzee rascal .
the adh is valid only when and if the person giving the directive is unable to provide consent .
examples of inability to consent include coma , demensia and brain death .
better known by those who know her as meshy .
a strong new zealand cyclist whose career has been troubled by bad luck .
most recently , in the new zealand elite time trial national championships , holt punctured while up ## seconds on the field with 2km to go in the race .
other periods of bad luck include crashing and breaking her collarbone in the ## commonwealth games in melbourne after a rider went down in front of her .
in the ## olympic games in athens , holt had to pull out of the race due to cramps .
that year it also was named band of the year and album of the year .
a second generation driver , he came to the united states to drive in the indy lights series in ## where he was coached by formula ## legend and countryman nelson piquet .
he began racing in the irl in ## and won one race at kentucky speedway in ## .
in ## felipe made a last minute deal with a .
foyt to qualify a third car for him in the indianapolis ## .
with minutes to spare , giaffone bumped arie luyendyk jr .
starting in the final 33rd starting position , he avoided attrition and finished 15th .
foyt iv leaving the irl for nascar in ## , a .
locally , sr ## is also known as northwest 103rd street , west 49th street , palm springs mile , east 49th street , and northeast 103rd street .
while westland mall has been relatively unchanged since its opening in the late 1960s , hialeah near sr ## has evolved greatly in the past four decades .
students must take introduction to literature in 9th grade and world literature in 10th grade .
from 11th grade to 12th grade , students have the choice of taking either ib english a1 hl , ib english a1 sl , or a sequence of four semester courses focusing on literature and literary skills .
in 9th grade , students either take algebra i or geometry .
which class they take depends on what class they took in their 8th grade year .
if a student has completed algebra i in 8th grade , the student will proceed into geometry .
in 10th grade , students will move up one class .
in 11th and 12th grade , students will either take ib mathematics sl or ib mathematics hl .
however , ib math studies and ap calculus are also offered , and those classes can be taken instead .
french and spanish are taught in five levels , i , ii , iii , ib year ## and ib year ## .
japanese , however , due to greater demand is taught at many different levels according to the students ability .
ib courses for japanese include ib japanese a2 hl , ib japanese a2 sl , and ib japanese abinitio .
in 9th grade , students are required to take asian history , and in 10th grade , students are required to take introduction to history and economics .
canadian academy has embarked on a major expansion of its present facilities , the first since it moved to its current campus .
an early learning and activites center is being built and will be completed by spring ## .
the m621 motorway is a short motorway in england .
it takes traffic from the m1 and m62 motorways into the centre of leeds .
the motorway ends at junction ## of the m1 , without its own junction number .
originally the m621 from the current junction ## of the m1 to junction ## of the m621 was the m1 .
both roads terminated at the dewsbury road interchange and were not linked .
she was born in canada on 27th march , ## .
loo learned classical guitar from her father since the age of nine .
loo was later signed by the music production company people mountain people sea and formed the group at17 with eman lam .
diamonds have been treasured as gemstones since their use as religious icons in india at least ## , ## years ago .
their industrial usage in drill bits and engraving tools also dates to early human history .
popularity of diamonds has risen since the 19th century because of increased supply , improved cutting , polishing techniques , and growth in the world economy .
diamonds are not normally used as a mainline store of value during times of crisis , due to their lack of fungibility and low liquidity .
however , they may still be useful during times of hyperinflation .
botswana is currently the largest producer of diamonds with mines operated by debswana , a joint venture between de beers and the botswana government .
the united states is the biggest consumer of diamonds in the world .
the price of diamonds fluctuate with global demand and the world economy .
for example there was a slump in demand during the great depression .
unlike for precious metals , there is no universal world price per gram for diamonds .
polished and rough diamonds are not ideal investment vehicles .
lack of liquidity is often cited as a main reason , but the lack of homogeneity and fungibility are more important .
grading and certification by recognised laboratories goes some way to redressing this .
weight and cutting proportions are parameters which can be precisely measured .
colour and clarity grades are parameters which need to be determined by gemologists .
a cautionary example of such a price fall caused by introduction of a new simulant strongly undermining the prices of a natural gem was the permanent fall in natural pearl prices with the introduction of cultured pearls .
the mechanism by which prices were affected is complex .
in part because of the social acceptability of wearing cultured pearls to much of the market , customers migrated from the natural to the lower priced cultured product .
this altered the supply and demand situation for natural pearls and perhaps the overall prestige of pearls in general was lowered .
where synthetic stones are less socially acceptable to the market for the natural version , arguably as with synthetic corundums where the two markets , natural and synthetic are mostly separate , the prestige of the natural stones has been , with effort , retained .
thus increased availability and lowered prices of synthetics may or may not have major implications for the future price of natural diamonds .
there are several factors contributing to low liquidity of diamonds .
one of the main is the lack of terminal market .
most commodities have terminal markets , and some form of commodities exchange , clearing house , and central storage facilities .
diamonds are also subject to value added tax in the uk , eu , and sales tax in most developed countries , therefore reducing their effectiveness as an investment medium .
most diamonds are sold through retail stores at very high profit margins .
this is due to high overhead costs of operating a jewelry retail store .
as diamonds in larger sizes become increasingly rare and valuable , any easily visible and readily understood pricing system has been difficult to establish .
martin rapaport produces the rapaport diamond report , which lists prices for polished diamonds .
the rapaport diamond report is relatively expensive to subscribe , and is of course copyright , and as such is not readily available to consumers and investors .
each month , there are matrices of diamond prices for round brilliant cut diamonds , by colour and clarity within size bands , and also other shapes .
the price matrix for brilliant cuts alone exceed ## , ## entries , and even this is achieved only by grouping some grades together .
there are considerable price shifts near the edges of the size bands , so a ## .
this may appear such a large difference as to defy logic , but in reality stones near the top of a size band tend to be uprated slightly .
some of the price jumps are related to marketing and consumer expectations .
somebody expecting a ## carat diamond solitaire engagement ring may be unprepared to accept a ## .
there are numerous diamond grading laboratories , and there is no easy way for investors , consumers , or even dealers to know the relative competence and integrity of each .
a number of gia employees left after the scandal emerged , and the gia has changed a number of its procedures .
there are also a number of laboratories affiliated to cibjo .
there must be commercial pressure on all labs to upgrade marginal stones or lose business to other labs who are prepared to reduce standards .
with commodities such as gold , it is clear that ## twenty gram bar is worth the same as ## ten gram bars , assuming the same quality .
in most terminal markets , there needs to be a readily available standard quality , or limited number of qualities , available in sufficient quantity to be tradable .
there are far too many variables in diamond quality , and an almost infinite graduation of each quality parameter .
there are fashion and marketing elements to take into consideration .
de beers expends marketing efforts to encourage sales of diamond sizes and qualities which are being produced in relatively large quantities .
the main positive investment parameter of diamonds is their high value per unit weight , which makes them easy to store and transport .
a high quality diamond weighing as little a ## or ## grams could be worth as much as ## kilos of gold .
this extremely condensed value and portability does bestow diamonds as a form of emergency disaster fund .
people and populations displaced by war or extreme upheaval have utilised this property successfully , and presumably will do so again in the future .
the arguments given mean that it is almost certain that diamonds can never be commoditized sufficiently to allow efficient and sufficiently liquid markets .
this does not mean however that diamonds can never be used or considered as investments .
the very lack of liquidity itself could be used by a speculator who was prepared to make a market in diamonds .
any such investor would need to ensure that he maintained sufficient personal liquidity to avoid distress selling , except by others .
such an investor would need to expend effort to market his stock , and to advertise his readiness to buy and would effectively become a trader rather than investor .
these do not represent diamonds at all , but rather are shares in companies that mine diamonds .
as with any asset that appreciates in value , capital gains tax may apply for individuals .
diamonds are subject to value added tax in the uk , eu , and sales tax in most developed countries .
due to almost optimum preservation conditions in its subaquatic environment , the campsite and an exceptionally wide variety of associated material remains of daily activities have been revealed in situ .
soon after produdtion was discontinued , it was replaced by the cb400 .
although honda had a ## twin that critics said was more powerful , lighter , cheaper , many felt the ## was a faster , smoother running , and more stylish .
the 350f and 400f models have since gained a cult following in the motorcycle community .
building is located on illinois route ## as it passes through historic downtown sycamore , illinois .
the building is part of the sycamore historic district which was designated and added to the national register of historic places in may ## .
founded in ## , the company originated in the cotswolds , from which the founders sold a range of basic camping accessories .
cotswold outdoor now has ## stores nationwide , and a highly successful mail order service selling outdoor clothing , camping and climbing equipment , travel and active clothing , hiking boots , adventure racing gear and much more .
com , a former internet retailer , is now owned by cotswold outdoor .
com had become famous by sponsoring mountain bike trails , although most people were unaware of which industry 9feet .
com sponsored the construction of the penhydd trail at afan forest park .
com also sponsored the maintenance of penhydd trail and the wall trail , both at afan forest park .
they are formed by antibodies against cationic antigens crossing the anionic glomerular barrier or by circulating antigens .
although primary membranous predominantly has subepithelial deposits , secondary membranous may be characterized by subendothelial deposits and mesangial deposits .
rheumatoid arthritis itself can be associated with secondary mn .
fluorescence microscopy may reveal immunoglobulins in a granular pattern along the capillary wall .
electron microscopy reveals electron dense deposits intramembranously or in the subepithelial space .
cyclophosphamide and steroids have been used in some studies with success .
in refractory cases , ciclosporin may also be useful .
it was founded on may ## , ## by former liberal party of quebec member of the national assembly yvon dupuis .
dupuis resigned from the leadership later in ## , and was replaced by yvon brochu .
on may ## , ## , the party merged with the union nationale party .
it was originally created for use with automated test equipment , and is still in wide use for that purpose .
the slowest device participates in control and data transfer handshakes to determine the speed of the transaction .
the bus was relatively easy to implement using the technology at the time , using a simple parallel electrical bus and several individual control lines .
## formalized the mechanical , electrical , and basic protocol parameters of gpib , but said nothing about the format of commands or data .
a standard for device commands , scpi , was introduced in the 1990s .
due to the late introduction , it has not been universally implemented .
mechanical considerations limit the number of stacked connectors to four or less .
by convention , metric screws are colored black , as the two threads do not mate .
the governor of vermont is the executive magistrate of the u .
the governor is elected by direct voting every two years for a term of equal length .
the governor is to correspond with other states , transact business with officers of government , civil and military , and prepare such business as may appear necessary , to lay before the general assembly .
the governor is also to take care that the laws be faithfully executed .
the governor is to expedite the execution of such measures as may be resolved upon by the general assembly .
and the governor may draw upon the treasury for such sums as may be appropriated by the general assembly .
the governor may also lay embargoes , or prohibit the exportation of any commodity , for any time not exceeding thirty days , in the recess of the general assembly only .
this is most likely used as a camouflage against predators , and upon waking , their bright colors almost immediately return .
all of the dorsal , pelvic and anal fins have venomous spines .
a wound from any of them can be , at the least , very painful .
the foxface is omnivorous but enjoys algae and other marine plant life .
though not an obligate herbivore , the foxface does require algae in its diet .
in captivity it can usually be coaxed into eating a combination of mysis shrimp , sheets of dried seaweed and marine flake food containing algae .
avraam papadopoulos is considered to be one of the most talented young players in greece .
he is a member of aris thessaloniki since ## , when he signed his first contract for the aris youth team .
born on ## october ## to sankaran and accamma in alappuzha district of kerala state , achuthanandan had to face poverty from a very early age .
he belongs to the prominent ezhava caste of kerala .
he lost his mother when he was just four years old and father at ## years .
this forced him to give up his studies after finishing 7th standard in school .
he started working by helping his elder brother in a tiny village cloth shop .
later he took up the job of meshing coir to make ropes at a coir factory .
he entered into the world of politics through trade union activities and joined state congress in ## .
he was a state secretariate member of the cpi in ## .
amongst all political leaders the state has seen so far and the contemporaries , vs is the most popular one .
achuthanandan has the public image of a honest politician and has generally stayed clear of controversy .
the stir generated lot of public criticism and mr .
achuthanandan expressed his disapproval of any further destruction of crops .
the indian soft drinks manufacturers association claimed that its products manufactured in india met every safety standard set by food , health and regulatory bodies in india and abroad .
the indian government later stated that the findings of an ngo that the soft drink samples taken from the two companies contained higher than permissible limits of pesticide , were erroneous and inconclusive .
this finding and his own understanding of the pollution that such industries cause on the local livelihood and environment had led to the ban .
he has also stated in public that such polluting industries will not be allowed to function in the state .
achuthanandan had served many positions in his long political career .
he was also active in parliamentary politics as he became the member of kerala legislative assembly in ## , ## , ## , ## and ## .
he was the leader of opposition in the kerala legislative assembly from ## to ## and from ## to ## .
he took active personal interests in making visits to even the remotest of places , discussing with rape victims , or to sites of industrial pollution where ever he believed that the ruling government was not doing things in a right fashion , or done in an outright dishonest way .
it has been said that with this win vs successfully countered the accusation that when the party wins vs loses , and if vs wins the party loses .
this created an uproar across the state , and processions and protests were held in support of achuthanandan .
the polit bureau finally succumbed to the pressure , and decided to field vs from malampuzha .
he took oath of office on ## may , ## as the twentieth chief minister of kerala .
in the sixth appearance by the nation in the archery competition at the olympics , norway represented by three men and one woman .
at the outbreak of world war i , malone gained command of the wellington battalion of the new zealand expeditionary force and deployed as part of the anzac forces .
he saw extensive action during the battle of gallipoli and was killed in action on ## august ## .
popular belief held that a turkish shell killed malone , but research suggests that friendly fire felled him whilst he surveyed the battlefield to determine the best position for another regiment .
prior to world war i , malone had taken an active part in the community of stratford in taranaki , new zealand .
he helped found the stratford county council and served as its first clerk and treasurer from ## to ## .
he also worked as a solicitor and a partner in a law firm dealing mostly with land transactions .
the new zealand government erected a memorial in his honour in wellington in ## .
dirty sweet is the debut ep released by melbourne rock band jet on may ## , ## .
lebanon junction is a city in bullitt county , kentucky , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the city .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
suttons seeds is a long established supplier of seeds , bulbs , and other horticultural products .
from this time on the firm progressed and expanded rapidly , eaning a reputation for supplying pure , unadulterated seed .
the market place shop occupied a prominent position overlooking the saturday vegetable and general market .
martin hope acquired nursery grounds in queens road along with a greenhouse .
suttons established their own laboratory to test seeds for germination and purity in ## .
in the same year , the company became one of the first to take advantage of the opening of the great western railway through reading .
the railway was responsible both for bringing in large consignments of seeds and bulbs , and for carrying outgoing mail orders to all parts of the country .
suttons received royal patronage in ## , when queen victoria requested martin hope sutton to supply seeds to the royal household .
suttons seeds have held a royal warrant ever since , and are currently suppliers to queen elizabeth .
in ## , extensive new offices and warehouses replaced the original premises , albeit still fronting market place .
these occupied a considerable part of central reading , stretching back apremises included offices , different store rooms for various seeds and bulbs , an exhibition department , stables and even a works fire station .
in ## , suttons moved again to new show grounds and premises on the then main a4 road just to the east of reading .
in ## , suttons were the first company to offer foil packets to the amateur gardener in the uk .
the company relocated from reading to torquay in the county of devon ## and in ## moved again to brand new premises in the nearby town of paignton .
the pci bus is common in modern pcs , where it has displaced isa and vesa local bus as the standard expansion bus , but it also appears in many other computer types .
the bus will eventually be succeeded by pci express , which is standard in most new computers , and other technologies .
## , which was the first to establish standards for the connector and motherboard slot , was released on april ## , ## .
pci was immediately put to use in servers , replacing mca and eisa as the server expansion bus of choice .
by ## vlb was all but extinct , and manufacturers had adopted pci even for ## computers .
eisa continued to be used alongside pci through ## .
later revisions of pci added new features and performance improvements , including a ## mhz ## .
with the introduction of the serial pci express standard in ## , motherboard manufacturers have included progressively fewer pci expansion slots in favor of the new standard .
it then allocates the resources and tells each device what its allocation is .
the pci configuration space also contains a small amount of device type information , which helps an operating system choose device drivers for it , or at least to have a dialogue with a user about the system configuration .
part of this information is a human readable text description of the device .
devices are required to follow a protocol so that the interrupt lines can be shared .
the pci bus includes four interrupt lines , all of which are available to each device .
however , they are not wired in parallel as are the other traces .
some bridges use a fixed mapping , and in others it is configurable .
however , this efficiency gain comes at the cost of robustness and flexibility .
one interrupting device can easily block all other devices on the same interrupt line .
in this system a device signals its need for service by perfoming a memory write , rather than by asserting a dedicated line .
this alleviates the problem of scarcity of interrupt lines .
it also resolves the routing problem , because the memory write is not unpredictably modified between device and host .
pci express does not have physical interrupt lines at all .
## volt and universal keying , but does not allow ## volt keyed add in cards .
the backplate is the part that fastens to the card cage to stabilize the card and also contains external connectors , so it usually attaches in a window so it is accessible from outside the computer case .
there is at least one reduced size variation on the backplate and there are very compact card cages that require that variation .
wray was born on a ranch near cardston , alberta , canada .
her family moved to the united states when she was three .
in ## , director erich von stroheim cast wray as the main female lead in his troubled production of the wedding march , which sent hollywood in a buzz for its high budget and production values .
it was a financial failure , but it gave wray her first lead role .
she wore a blonde wig over her naturally dark hair for the role .
there have been claims the screams emanated from actress julie haydon , and dubbed to wray , but that has been disputed .
for her contribution to the motion picture industry , fay wray has a star on the hollywood walk of fame at ## hollywood blvd .
the small sign at the edge of the park on main street has a silhouette of king kong on it .
peter jackson had approached her about doing a cameo in his ## remake of king kong , but she died before she could do so .
however , he is told that she is doing a picture with rko .
sampson was laid down by the bath iron works at bath in maine on ## march ## , launched on ## may ## by mrs .
crenshaw and commissioned on ## june ## , commander forrester w .
following shakedown off guantanamo bay in september , sampson tested and evaluated the tartar missile system off puerto rico .
composed completely of missile ships , desron ## was then the most modern squadron in the navy .
finally , in january ## , sampson fired two tartar missiles under simulated combat conditions .
during ## , she also underwent her first regular overhaul , and received missile replenishment at sea from helicopters .
the destroyer returned to fleet duties on ## june .
while there , a sampson radarman rescued a german seaman from the harbor at ferrol , spain .
leaving the 6th fleet at the end of august ## , sampson steamed back to the united states , and soon shifted to her new home port of charleston , south carolina .
sampson operated out of charleston in the atlantic and caribbean during ## until again deploying to the mediterranean in october .
she returned to charleston in january ## and resumed operations in the atlantic and the caribbean until redeploying to the mediterranean in october of that year .
after six months with the 6th fleet , she returned to charleston on ## march ## .
she spent the month of october cruising first with john f .
on ## november , she stood out of barcelona , spain , to return to the united states .
sampson entered the mouth of the cooper river on the 12th , moored at charleston , and began a leave and upkeep period .
on ## april , following exercises and type training , sampson steamed out of charleston , passed fort sumter , and headed for the mediterranean .
she cruised with the 6th fleet for six months , participating in exercises with both american and nato forces .
by ## october , the guided missile destroyer was back in port at charleston .
she spent the rest of ## preparing for regular overhaul .
for four months , from ## january until ## may ## , sampson underwent the first compressed regular overhaul ever attempted on a ddg .
she was in charleston during the period ## july to ## august , at which time sampson stood out for her new home port , athens , greece .
she stopped at rota , spain , ten days later and entered phaleron bay on ## october .
the guided missile destroyer remained in the mediterranean , based at athens , throughout ## and into ## .
in april ## , she was in port at athens .
this included a missile shoot which saw a standard launch to port , immediately snap vertical , do a few curly loops , and then smack into the water a few hundred yards off the starboard side .
she made a liberty call in karachi , pakistan , where petty officers serna , bowden , and brown were fleeced by pakistani camel drivers , but otherwise had a grand time ashore .
sampson was on station off beirut when the us embassy was bombed .
later made liberty calls in naples , gaeta , and monaco before returning to mayport , fl in may ## .
although it has been asserted that the law does not to break with the german constitution it has courted the resentment of many small investors who consider it to be the legalization of expropriation .
also according to this section some reasons , such as inadequate compensation , are not sufficient to inhibit the squeeze out .
cobb , and susan clark and directed by don siegel .
eastwood plays the part of a young veteran deputy sheriff from a rural county in arizona who travels to new york city to extradite an apprehended fugitive named ringerman , played by don stroud , who is wanted for murder .
along with the other gymnasts , allison nayla and michelle , she appeared in tours and gained advertising work .
in ## she married fellow us olympic gymnast brett mcclure in a ceremony in hawaii .
she has a vault named after her , which was widely used between ## and ## .
however it is no longer in the code of points .
phelps was awarded sagamore of the wabash , the highest honour given to citizens of indiana .
she also has had a street named after her .
a circular highway shield is a route marker consisting of a number superimposed on a circle .
it is also officially used in virginia for state secondary and frontage routes , while west virginia uses both a circular design and a square design for its state routes .
many road maps of areas in the united states use a circular highway shield as a generic marker for all state highways , because other designs are difficult to print and read .
this is the marker to be used in states which do not choose a particular symbol for their markers .
other states will condense the typeface used , giving the numbers a tall , slender appearance .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from ## march ## until ## november ## , and again between ## april ## and ## march ## .
beige planet mars is an original novel by lance parkin and mark clapham featuring the fictional archaeologist bernice summerfield .
in ## he identified a molecule found in fresh meat and yeast as a new vitamin , nicotinic acid , now called niacin .
his discovery led directly to the cure of human pellagra , once a major health problem in the united states .
picking up on the work of joseph goldberger , he found that nicotinic acid cured black tongue in dogs , an analogous disease to pellagra .
in the previous year , elvehjem and his colleague carl j .
that filtrate extract was designated as the vitamin g fraction , after the late goldberger .
to confirm their findings in dogs , they induced black tongue in these animals with the goldberger diet of yellow corn , before supplementing the diet with the vitamin g fraction .
elvehjem and his colleagues later were able to isolate and identify nicotinamide and nictonic acid from vitamin g as the curative factors for black tongue in dogs .
he died in madison general hospital at the age of ## after suffering a heart attack in his office at bascom hall .
in ## , elvehjem was awarded the albert lasker award for clinical medical research .
elvehjem commented frequently on nutrition as it affects both scientist and layman .
elvehjem when she was an undergraduate at uw madison .
she died in ## at the age of ## after many years supporting the museum and the madison community .
in the original copyright registration for the third eye and letters from the author , stewart uses sofia , and uses both sophia and sofia in real life .
after numerous attempts to settle the matter of copyright infringement out of court , stewart sent a letter dated june ## , ## , to the wachowski brothers informing them that she had provided the fbi with evidence and a witness name for criminal prosecution .
the letter also states that the material was provided to them to be made into a comic book which she published on november ## , ## .
a complaint was filed by stewart against larry wachowski , andy wachowski , gale ann hurd , james cameron , hemdale films , joel silver , 20th century fox and warner brothers in the united states district court for the central district of california on april ## , ## .
in the complaint , damages are sought for relief from the results of copyright infringement , rico violations , and supplemental state claims .
the case also targeted twentieth century fox , the studio which currently owns the rights to the terminator franchise .
stewart has said in an interview that the john connor character , who is born to sarah connor , grows up to be neo from the matrix .
it is only available for the nintendo ds and the game boy advance .
main mission briefings come from mi6 officials , alan blunt and mrs .
also included is an array of minigames by weapon inventor smithers .
there is also an mi6 training camp mode for players to test out their skills .
alex soon finds out that his uncle was not a banker but a spy .
the mi6 briefs you that herod sayle is going to give a stormbreaker computer to every school in britain .
the municipality consists of the valley of reisadalen , with reisa river and deep pine forests , surrounded by mountains and high plateaus .
most people live in storslett , where the river meets the fjord .
most inhabitants are descendants of settlers from finland who came over in the 18th century , escaping famine and war .
today , only a few old people can speak finnish .
some inhabitants have sami or norwegian backgrounds , and today norwegian is the main language .
few old buildings survive in nordreisa , as virtually everything was destroyed in early ## by retreating german troops .
the two major attractions are the old trading post at havnnes , with picturesque old houses that escaped the war damages , and the waterfall of mollisfossen , ## metres of height .
the upper , or southernmost , areas of the municipality are covered by the reisa national park with unique forest and high plateau vegetation .
meningomyelocele is a congenital defect of the central nervous system .
meninges and the spinal cord protrude through an opening or defect in the vertebral column .
liu heng was a son of emperor gao of han and consort bo , later empress dowager .
when emperor gao of han suppressed the rebellion of dai , he created liu heng prince of dai .
his reign brought a much needed political stability that laid the groundwork for prosperity under his grandson emperor wu .
in a move of lasting importance in ## bc , emperor wen introduced recruitment to the civil service through examinations .
previously , potential officials never sat for any sort of academic examinations .
their names were sent by local officials to the central government based on reputations and abilities , which were sometimes judged subjectively .
dai was a region on the boundaries with xiongnu , and emperor gao probably created the principality with the mind to use it as a base to defend against xiongnu raids .
his personal life was marked by thriftiness and general willingness to forgive .
in ## bc , he created a governmental assistance program for those in need .
loans or tax exemptions were offered to widowers , widows , orphans , and seniors without children .
he also ordered that monthly stipends of rice , wine , and meat be given to seniors over ## years in age , and that additional stipends of cloth and cotton be given to seniors over ## years in age .
he also tried to decrease mandatory taxes and hard labor .
despite her favored state , however , she only wore simple dresses rather than elaborate designs , as a means of savings .
an incident otherwise uncharacteristic of emperor wen occurred in ## bc .
instead of doing initial investigations first , emperor wen had zhou arrested and incarcerated .
emperor wen had great affection for him and did not punish him for using styles and ceremonies that only emperors were supposed to use .
also , contrary to imperial laws , prince chang issued edicts within his own principality and also commissioned his own prime minister .
instead , prince chang was offended and planned a rebellion .
in ## bc , emperor wen banned the corporal punishments of facial tattoo and cutting off the nose or a foot , and replaced them with whipping .
these punishments would not be instituted against as a matter of formal legal sentencing for the rest of chinese history .
later in his reign , emperor wen became superstitious and started search for supernatural events .
he then promoted xinyuan and awarded him with much treasure .
in ## bc , xinyuan ping had an associate place a jade cup outside the imperial palace with mysterious writings on them , and also predicted a regression in the path of the sun .
emperor wen , in his will , reduced the usual mourning period to three days , contrary to the previous lengthy periods of mourning in which weddings , sacrifices , drinking , and the consumption of meat were disallowed , thus greatly reducing the burden on the people .
he also ordered that his concubines be allowed to return home .
emperor wen was considered one of the most benevolent rulers in chinese history .
his reign was marked by thriftiness and attempts to reduce burdens on the people .
his reign and that of his son emperor jing were often collectively known together as the rule of wen and jing , renowned for general stability and relaxed laws .
it is quite possible , but also hardly proven based on available evidence .
the animations are very basic but charming and it has a total of ## functions .
dinkie dino was one of the bestselling digital pets of its time .
franks wild years is an album by tom waits , released ## on island records .
the play had its world premiere in chicago , illinois on june ## , ## , performed by the steppenwolf theatre company at the briar st .
as of ## india census , machalpur had a population of ## .
, fairmont , dudley , boyston , walnut and warren sts .
chapel church and parish house ## and ## saint paul st .
chestnut hill historic distric roughly bounded by middlesex rd .
fisher hill historic district roughly bounded by clinton and sumner rds .
graffam development historic district roughly bounded by abbottsford rd .
longwood historic district roughly bounded by chapel , st .
pill hill historic district roughly bounded by boylston st .
john wilson house and bates ship chandlery ## elm st .
franklin common historic district main , high , union , pleasant st .
milton hill historic district roughly bounded by adams and school sts .
he was born in terry , mississippi , and lived most of his life in crystal springs , mississippi .
tommy johnson was known to tell a story about how he had sold his soul to the devil in exchange for his mastery of blues guitar .
this story closely resembles the same legend of robert johnson .
robert johnson , however , was never known to tell this story and it was most likely a rumor started by son house in the 1960s , long after both johnsons were dead .
it is debated whether the character was based on tommy or robert johnson .
however , tommy johnson , born in ## , would have been approximately ## years old in year ## , at which time the movie is set .
the character in the movie is much younger than that , suiting better the descriptions of robert johnson who was approximately ## years old at the time .
even though the character in the movie has the name tommy , his characteristics can be contributed to both johnsons .
the character plays a number of songs by blues musician skip james .
bruce turgon is a bassist who has played in the bands showcase , black sheep , shadow king , and foreigner with singer lou gramm .
he also played on the lou gramm solo albums ready or not and long hard look .
there are , of course , many spencer families , comprising all individuals with the surname spencer .
married the niece of his prime ministerial predecessor , winston churchill .
when first conceived upon the establishment of adelaide , it was designed to be able to accommodate a standard road , a railway line and a canal .
in the ## mats plan the road was destined to be upgraded to become the port freeway .
the plan fell through , yet in ## the government of south australia announced a 600m tunnel for south road underneath port road and the railway line .
god he reigns is the fourteenth album in the live praise and worship series of christian contemporary music by hillsong .
it is devoted to problems in discrete , convex and combinatorial geometry , and related areas .
frank evers is a cartoonist known for his editorial cartoons .
he received the national cartoonist society editorial cartoon award for ## .
it is an affiliate of the fox broadcasting company and serves most of central iowa .
the kgtv calls now reside on the abc affiliate in san diego , california , broadcasting on channel ## .
kdsm came under the ownership of river city broadcasting in ## .
in ## , sinclair acquired the station as part of its purchase of river city .
on march ## , ## , kdsm debuted fox ## news at nine .
the newscast is now known as fox news at nine after kfxa in cedar rapids began simulcasting it in late ## .
the impasse , which attracted attention from lawmakers in iowa and in washington , d .
, ended on february ## when mediacom announced that it had signed a retransmission consent agreement with sinclair .
kdsm was restored to mediacom systems shortly after the announcement .
linsey grams anchors fox news at nine weekdays , with kevin hall with sports and mark anthony with weather .
jennifer stagg anchors fox news at nine weekends , with jared aarons doing sports and dave towne with weather .
he became acquainted with clay shaw of the international trade mart in new orleans and befriended shaw and became his business partner .
kennedy was assassinated in ## , gerald ford began the warren commission into the kennedy assassination .
a month or so after the investigation started , mccombs informed will lang jr .
that he had to stop the investigation because his close friend and business partner clay shaw was suspected of being a conspirator in the kennedy assassination .
he died at age ## at his home in san antonio , texas .
the holland mccombs center at the university of tennessee at martin is named for him .
four years later in ## fine gael came to power in coalition government with the labour party .
in ## begley became a parliamentary secretary following the death of henry kenny .
in ## he became parliamentary secretary to the minister for industry and commerce in the government of garret fitzgerald .
he served in this capacity until ## when the government fell .
land beyond the map is a short science fiction novel written by kenneth bulmer in ## and published by ace books .
it was published in an ace double , which also contained another short novel , fugitive of the stars by edmond hamilton , on the opposite side .
the novel features a story about a magical map of ireland which is torn down the middle .
when the holder of the map reaches the place corresponding to the tear in the map , he is transported to a strange alternate dimension .
it is known for its bakeries and for waterfalls including the kinkon falls and kambadaga falls .
it is one of the ## modern constellations , and also one of the ## listed by ptolemy .
triangulum is the location of the triangulum galaxy , m33 , one of the members of the local group .
## million light years away , and at magnitude ## .
## is sufficiently bright that it can be glimpsed with the naked eye under dark skies .
control and precision are more important than force and inflicting damage .
three gods a , b , and c are called , in some order , true , false , and random .
true always speaks truly , false always speaks falsely , but whether random speaks truly or falsely is a completely random matter .
what the second question is , and to which god it is put , may depend on the answer to the first question .
related puzzles can be found throughout smullyan s writings , e .
one door leads to heaven and one door leads to hell .
the puzzle is to find out which door leads to heaven by asking one of the guards one question .
boolos provided his solution in the same article in which he introduced the puzzle .
there are many different questions that will achieve this result .
as of ## india census , jagiroad had a population of ## , ## .
when the caterpillars are ready , they crawl to the bottom of the host tree , where they pupate and overwinter underground .
jagraon is located at almost the geographical center of punjab state , only ## kilometers from the river satluj .
the society , like much of punjab , is basically agrarian .
jagraon is also headquarters of one of the police districts of punjab .
jagraon is an important religious center for the sikhs , the muslims as well as the jain community .
gurudwara nanaksar sahib is one of the important places of worship for the sikhs .
the jain temple is one of the most holy places for the jain community in the region .
the old walled city , with its four gates is known locally for its moghal period architecture .
jagraon is also the home of lala lajpat rai , one of the most brave and influential leaders of the freedom struggle of india .
his house still stands tall in the neighbourhood , and houses a municipal library .
it is located at the junction of national highways no .
it is now used for a variety of military and civil purposes , including field exercises , car rallying , storage and breakdown of railway vehicles , and nature preservation .
the perimeter road inside the security fence , is on its own , over seven miles long .
however , they were functionally very similar to explosive rofs .
in the summer of ## the site requirements for a new factory were drawn up .
the higher part should not have an elevation of not less than ## ft .
like all explosive factories of this type , a capacious supply of water was required for use in the manufacturing processes .
even during the great drought of ## the lowest daily return was ## .
the site was and still is one of the largest military sites in britain .
by the end of ## the main office block was complete , and in december of that year the unit ## sulphuric acid factory went into production with acid mixing for the nitrocellulose and nitroglycerine manufacturing .
five months later , the pressure oxidation plant for the manufacture of nitric acid came on stream .
at the same time , unit ## of the factory was almost completed , so rnpf caerwent was now virtually operational .
early in the 1960s a parliamentary working party recommended that propellants for the three branches of the armed services should be concentrated at the royal ordnance factory at bishopton .
the decision to close rnpf caerwent was announced on the ## march ## .
production continued during the following two year rundown phase .
raf caerwent was transferred to us administration after de gaulle expelled the us military from france in ## .
the first shipments of shells , rockets , mines , flares and small arms ammo arrived early in ## .
one of the reasons caerwent was retained was its proximity to barry docks where many of the armaments entered the united kingdom .
at its height caerwent was the largest ammunition supply depot in western europe , storing over ## , ## tonnes of conventional munitions .
in ## caerwent shipped ## , ## tons of ammunition to the middle east and played a critical part in operation desert shield and desert storm .
following the change in the political climate in europe and subsequent scaling down of operations , the us army announced it was to close down their storage operations at the establishment in june ## .
over ## , ## tonnes of munitions were moved out over a period of less than ten months .
the last batch was removed by train on the ## july ## .
the formal closure ceremony took place on the ## august ## .
previous editions showed the site as completely blank , but serviced by a railway line .
there are not only over ## buildings and bunkers on the site , but also an operating railway and a comprehensive road system , for logistics exercises and driver training .
the site has been used for military training and public order training by various police forces .
local farmers are allowed to graze their livestock on the convenient areas of pasture that separate the former factory buildings .
since the privatisation of british rail , rnpf caerwent like a number of other mod sites with internal railway sidings , has been used as a secure storage area for holding surplus locomotives and rolling stock that might be returned to use .
a pictorial record of the royal naval cordite factory , holton heath .
columnist whose columns frequently focus on family and sex roles .
parker is also the director of the school of written expression at the buckley school of public speaking , and a frequent contributor to the chris matthews show .
parker grew up in florida and currently resides in south carolina with her husband and son .
a devoted christian , ishe and his wife latoya , have been compared to rocky and his wife adrian .
he beat alfonso gomez in ## , and the two became roommates when they were contestants on reality tv show the contender .
he then faced his nemesis bonsante in a fans favourite fight , and despite suffering illegal moves , won a unanimous decision .
he had stated that he is very happy with the golden boy promotions .
he was featured on a june 7th fight card promoted by bernard hopkins on espn friday night fight , where he dominated his opponent patrick thompson through ## rounds to get a unanimous decision .
he fought at ## lbs , in the junior middleweight division , which is considered a division with a ton of opportunities for young prospects at this time .
after the june 7th fight , ishe smith is in the talks to fight sechew powell , a major junior middleweight contender .
ishe smith is currently scheduled to fight at least ## more fights in ## .
powell fought ouma and was outclassed , losing a unanimous decision on the undercard of the quartey vs .
after golden boy promotions signed numerous other fighters including many former and current champions , ishe smith had become idle because golden boy promotions are holding cards to feature more known names than ishe smith .
smith was frustrated by this and made a statement saying that he is considering joining the ufc , because he is a desperate need of a fight .
golden boy has not commented on the comments made by ishe smith yet .
ishe smith is scheduled to fight sechew powell in early feburary ## .
his future career may depend on the outcome of this fight as a profesional boxer .
titanosuchus might have eaten both jonkeria and moschops and other smaller vertebrates .
titanosuchus rivals that to titanophoneus , which is also a carnivore and a dinocephalian , but it lived only in russia .
eotitanosuchus is only distantly related to titanosuchus , even though they were both therapsids .
rodriguez left open hand to join saosin in ## .
he was finishing work with them when he joined saosin , so beau burchell had pat mcgrath hired for the translating the name ep .
rodriguez took over from there and the rest has been history .
since ## it has been based in the stockholm concert hall .
it is a part of the municipality of tubbergen , and lies about ## km north of oldenzaal .
when it became apparent that all was lost , he was sent via a secret passageway to the aryan side of warsaw to meet with zob commander yitzhak zuckerman to try to arrange an escape for the fighters .
the passageway was discovered by the nazis , however , and unable to return via that route , he and zuckerman were trapped on the aryan side while the fighting raged and the ghetto burned .
desperate to reach their comrades , rotem made several attempts to enter the ghetto through the sewers of warsaw before finally succeeding .
there he met one of the last surviving leaders of the ghetto revolt zivia lubetkin and he led her and her team of approximately ## fighters through the sewers to the aryan side and then to the forests outside of the city .
he became the head courier for the zob and second in command to zuckerman .
throughout the rest of the war he continued his underground activities with the resistance , in particular helping to care for the several thousand jews who still remained in warsaw in hiding .
in august ## , he took part in the polish warsaw uprising .
he took part in the organization of the beriha , an organization that helped european jews illegally immigrate to what was then called mandate palestine .
these people , numbering approximately ## , ## , are bantu .
23rd street is a subway station on the ind eighth avenue line of the new york city subway .
located at 23rd street and eighth avenue in the chelsea neighborhood of manhattan , it is served by the train at all times and by the at all times except late nights , when it is replaced by the .
this local station has four tracks and two side platforms .
each platform has exits to 23rd , 24th , and 25th streets , with an open crossunder at 23rd street and a closed one at 25th .
the station is unrenovated and thus has several closed fare booths .
just north of this station , a storage track begins between the two eighth avenue express tracks .
mount tiedemann is one of the principal summits of the pacific ranges subdivision of the coast mountains of british columbia .
it is located ## km northeast of mount waddington in the waddington range massif between the homathko and klinaklini rivers .
hall via the chaos glacier to the north arete .
saskatchewan highway ## is a highway in the canadian province of saskatchewan .
it runs from saskatchewan highway ## to a dead end .
dasc lu is a commune in the centre of ilfov county , romania .
amis explains the title of the novel in his preface , although somewhat obscurely .
the narrator , samson young , who is suffering from cancer , tells us he played in london fields as a boy , and wants to return there , but he never actually does .
it is not clear whether his presence in london was originally based on a wish to revisit old haunts , but this seems likely .
the diaries tell young that six is plotting her own murder for the early hours of november 6th , her 36th birthday .
there is an element of sacrifice and salvation in that the crisis ends with the final death of two of the participants .
young is a morally ambiguous character who redeems himself at the end .
the work takes time to address the concerns shared by contemporary humanity .
croatian owned family houses were ransacked daily , croatian owned property looted .
croatian male civilians were groundlessly taken to knin and imprisoned .
after months of imprisonment , some of them were released , and then they were arrested again and returned to the knin prison .
most of the croatian owned family houses were looted , and then blown up or burnt down .
from ## to ## , he was a member of parliament , representing tavistock in the house of commons .
he was one of the original directors and financiers of the south australia company , the company that was formed in london in ## to promote the settlement the colony that was to become south australia .
rundle street and subsequently rundle mall bear his name .
she made a second visit to europe when she was ## years old , visiting toynbee hall , a settlement house in the east end of london .
at its height , hull house was visited each week by around two thousand people .
she was also actively involved with pi gamma mu , the social science honor society , in the 1920s until her death because of its emphasis on social service and the humanization of the social science disciplines .
the medallion since has been collected by several important museums .
its solutions are designed for single users , enterprises , gsm network operators and handset manufacturers .
thanks to software development for psion palmtops , psiloc was ready to create innovative solutions for a new market of the smartphones immediately after first launch of the nokia communicators .
from then psiloc became one of the most known brands of smartphone software .
the best selling application has been downloaded more then ## ## .
the company offers it to other developers but also to gsm operators , content providers , mobile phone producers and application distributors .
polytrauma is used to describe the condition of a person who has been subjected to multiple traumatic injuries , such as a serious head injury and a serious burn .
once this whole region was a swamp , but the land area north of the cape is being cleared for rubber plantations and grazing for cattle .
the sediment along the coast is from the barito river to the north and from small streams near the tip of the cape where land has been cleared .
the forested hills of the southern besar range are visible along the southeastern coast midway between the upper center and upper right of the image .
they make up several orders of mammals , of which six to eight survive .
ungulata was formerly considered an order which has been split into perissodactyla and artiodactyla .
the perissodactyla and artiodactyla make up the largest portion of ungulates , and also comprise the majority of large land mammals .
the hyracoidea , sirenia and proboscidea are the paenungulata .
the macroscelidea have been interpreted as ungulates , and there is dental as well as genetic evidence supporting this interpretation .
the macroscelidea and tubulidentata have recently been united with the paenungulata in the pseudungulata .
genetic studies indicate that these animals are not closely related to the artiodactyls and perissodactyls .
another characteristic of most ungulates is the fusion of the front forelimbs .
in ungulates , the radius and ulna are fused along the length of the forelimb .
this is a trait of most modern ungulates , as early ungulates , such as the arctocyonids did not share this unique skeletal structure .
the fusion of the radius and ulna prevents an ungulate from rotating its forelimb .
since this skeletal structure has no specific function in ungulates , it is considered to be a homologous characteristic that ungulates share with other mammals .
this trait would have been passed down from a common ancestor .
ungulates diversified rapidly in the eocene , but are thought to date back as far as the late cretaceous .
that these groups of mammals are most closely related to each other has occasionally been questioned on anatomical and genetic grounds .
molecular phylogenetic studies have suggested that perissodactyla and cetartiodactyla are closest to carnivora and pholidota rather than to the pseudungulata .
this means they are not related to other ungulates .
they are by some thought to be unrelated to the other ungulates .
instead , they are united with the afrotheria and the xenarthra in the supercohort atlantogenata .
embrithopods , desmostylians and other related groups are seen as relatives of the paenungulata , thus members of the afrotheria .
the condylarths are , as a result , no longer seen as the ancestors of all ungulates .
instead , it is now believed the condylarths are members of the cohort laurasiatheria .
so it seems that , of all the ungulates , only the perissiodacyla and artiodactyla descended from the condylarths assuming that the animals lumped by scientists into condylarthra over the years are even related to one another .
this is met with scepticism by some scientists , who say there is no morphological evidence to split the ungulates up into so many unrelated clades .
many more units were built by the 1940s and were instrumental for us wartime aviation gasoline production .
the process was further developed by two mit engineers , warren k .
gilliland , under contract to standard oil of new jersey , now exxonmobil .
they developed the process into fluid catalytic cracking , which solved the problem of having to shut down the process to burn the coke off the catalyst by using a continuously circulating fluidized catalyst made of a fine zeolite powder .
this process is still in widespread use , especially in the us where gasoline is in high demand .
houdry later became interested in automotive catalysts , and the catalytic converter was one of approximately ## patents that he received .
but nothing came of it until the 1970s because the tetraethyl lead that was still in use in the 1950s and 1960s poisoned the catalyst .
possession is an upcoming video game for the seventh generation video game consoles .
in the game the player plays as a man turned into an intelligent zombie via exposure to experimental chemicals from a laboratory into which he had broken .
retaining his intelligence , he sets out on a mission to destroy the prometheus corporation which made the chemicals .
to do this , he must first amass a vast number of zombie warriors to take control of the futuristic restoration city , headquarters of the shadowy prometheus corporation .
the latter command causes the zombies to seek out the nearest uninfected humans and kill them .
immediately after , the victims will get back up as mindlessly loyal undead servants of the enslaver .
tactically , they are best used in massed assaults , as they are highly expendable , utterly unrelenting in their attacks , and deadly in close combat .
in keeping with the classic zombie stereotypes of resident evil , dawn of the dead and other such zombie franchises , shamblers can only be killed by headshots .
they can easily bound over obstacles , leap over cracks and craters in the ground , and run down fleeing humans .
they have relatively low strength and can be brought down by general damage , but their high mobility makes them invaluable when trying to bypass heavily defended positions or units of powerful enemy troops .
they are extremely vicious in combat , brutally charging down and tearing apart their targets .
tactically , they are most useful as fast backup units and scouts accompanying the main force .
its primary method of attack is to explode , spreading its gases outwards and instantly killing and infecting all enemies in the surrounding area .
best used as scouts and infiltrators , they are also , of course , devastating in combat .
monsters have massive , powerful bodies covered in thick layers of tough muscle and supported by almost unbreakable skeletons , enabling them to shrug off damage that would decimate entire squads of lesser creatures .
the only disadvantage is that monsters cannot spread the zombifying infection .
the power of the ps3 and xbox ## will allow restoration city to be populated by thousands upon thousands of unique , perceptive ai characters , who will react in different ways to changing situations , depending on the character type , the particular character in question , and the situation at hand .
these civilians therefore will make up the majority of the people which the enslaver and his armies encounter on their rampage through the streets .
weak and easy to kill , civilians are good for swelling the zombie horde .
smarter , stronger and better organized than civilians , police officers will use basic tactics to assault the zombie forces , forming squads and manning barricades and fortifications .
when backed up by other police units and their specially adapted armoured vehicles , riot police squads can form a formidable defensive bastion against the enslaver and his zombies .
however , massed forces of shamblers and runners should be sufficient to defeat most swat assault teams .
when well armed and supported , they are hard to defeat in both attack and defence , and can hold out for some time against even very large numbers of zombies .
a combination of strength , intelligence , powerful weaponry and advanced tactics make these humans extremely dangerous to the zombies .
soldiers will set up and defend barricades and fortifications , bring in reinforcements via armoured vehicle columns , and fight bravely against even overwhelming zombie forces .
extremely strong and intelligent , tactically advanced and armed with everything from assault rifles , grenades and sniper gear to tripod machine guns , flamethrowers and missile launchers , black ops troopers also use powerful military vehicles extensively for both transport and combat .
the greater the death and destruction caused by the enslaver and the larger his army becomes , the higher his threat designation will become .
in order to defeat the more powerful enemy forces , the enslaver and his zombies will have to find various different ways to cripple the humans .
zombie deathmatch battle , where dozens of individual zombies fight it out across the city .
while not officially cancelled , the game has received no updates in nearly a year .
we are pursuing other games at the moment though .
s top ## hits on the billboard hot ## , ## u .
the group took its final shape on april ## , ## , when brian littrell , cousin of richardson , joined the group after a phone audition .
their first concert , on may ## , ## , was performed for ## , ## teenagers at seaworld in orlando , florida .
## jive and pearlman kept the band busy overseas for the next two years , sometimes putting on tours for five straight months .
european popularity grew , and the backstreet boys kicked off ## being voted the no .
the group earned their first platinum record in germany and toured asia and canada .
by ## , pop music was returning to the forefront in united states , with the likes of the spice girls .
jive and pearlman decided to bring the boys back to their home country after ## .
he had been struggling with a heart murmur since he was born , almost dying at the age of ## due to a bacterial infection .
littrell needed about ## weeks to recover from the surgery .
in october ## , the band received the keys to the city from the mayor of orlando in honor of the tornado relief concert the group headlined in march .
along with their new management team , the backstreet boys sued pearlman several more times , until he renegotiated the settlement on terms more favorable to the band .
on may ## , ## , the backstreet boys released the album millennium , which sold over ## .
rolling stone reports that sales might have been bigger if some stores had not run out of cds .
it was certified ## times platinum on december ## , ## , and went on to sell over ## million copies worldwide .
the tour drew over ## million fans , breaking the record for largest indoor audience .
in the meantime , the firm negotiated tens of millions of dollars in advance payments for recordings and performances from jive and the concert promoter clear channel .
burger king made a deal with the boys for tour sponsorship , videos , and cds with unreleased live tracks that were available for sale at burger king restaurants in august and september .
## million units sold in the first week in america , making the band the first ever artist to have two albums sell a million or more copies in the first week .
mclean had checked himself into rehab to battle drinking , drug addiction , and depression , after richardson had held an intervention for him at a hotel in boston .
another tragedy struck when the september ## , ## attacks occurred , killing a backstreet boys crew member , daniel lee , who had been using time off in the tour schedule to travel from boston to los angeles to be with his pregnant wife .
despite the tragedy in new york that day , the backsteet boys went ahead with a planned concert that night in toronto , where they performed to less than ## fans , and angered many in a public struggling to cope with the enormity of what had happened .
the boys performed at the united we stand concert in washington , d .
by the end of ## and into ## , it became clear that the backstreet boys were on an extended break with no new recordings or releases .
in ## , the band expressed a strong desire to leave their management company , the firm .
not surprisingly , the company did not put up much resistance .
however , carter chose to remain with the firm for them to manage his solo career .
it became apparent that this was reason for their lack of resistance to the backstreet boys moving on and this unexpected move forced the band to take a break .
according to the suit , in november ## , the backstreet boys revised their ## contract and committed to releasing two further albums for zomba .
in december ## , mclean appeared on the oprah winfrey show where he talked for the first time in public about his addiction to alcohol and drugs , and his struggles rising to fame .
the rest of the band surprised him by arriving in person to give him support , marking the first time the backstreet boys had appeared together in public in almost two years .
the band began to reform and reconcile their differences to start recording a comeback album .
in ## , the backstreet boys started performing together to promote their return to the music scene .
then , based on the success of this tour , they announced a mexican tour , visiting mexico city and monterrey , performing all new material .
on june ## , ## , the backstreet boys released their comeback album never gone , which they spent more than a year recording .
the backstreet boys began the first leg of their never gone tour in july in west palm beach , florida .
never gone was certified platinum in the us and four singles were released from the album .
both album and single made the top ## on the billboard christian charts .
brian littrell has said the upcoming album will be more guitar driven and will have an old school jackswing and eurodance sound .
the reason stated was his wish to pursue other interests that he could not while in the group .
the rest of the backstreet boys wished him the best of luck in the future and they have no plans on replacing him .
they noted that he would always be welcome to return should he wish to do so .
the animated series was launched on the web in the summer of ## using macromedia flash animation and was sold out on the first day .
troy township is a civil township of newaygo county in the u .
according to the united states census bureau , the township has a total area of ## .
as of the census2 of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the township .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the township the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
the project started in ## and by ## several hundred workstations were in use .
it had a high resolution full page display , a mouse , a laser printer interface , and a network interface .
unable to bring back one of the alto to europe , wirth decided to build a new system from scratch .
the song was released coinciding with the album itself .
a music video was released prior to both the release of the single and the album .
negotiations for the borders between the two states continue until ## , under the supervision of russia , france and britain .
joseph de piro was born in malta on november ## , ## into a wealthy and influential family .
as a young man he thought about becoming a lawyer but then felt that god was calling him to the priesthood .
in ## , after the completion of his studies , he was ordained in rome .
he was involved in different ministries within the church , but his main concerns were the missions and work amongst the poor .
as a young priest , he began to work towards bringing to fruition his long cherished dream of establishing a society of priests and brothers committed to the spreading of the good news .
june ## , ## was the foundation day of the missionary society of st .
to its first members he passed on his missionary zeal and his love for those in need .
in ## he sent his first missionary , br .
six years later he himself was going there to help consolidate this new mission , but on september ## , ## he died leaving a small group of priests and brothers without his valuable leadership .
today paulist missionaries seek to live out their founding charism in a world of change .
our missionary presence is in australia , peru , pakistan , the philippines , the united states , canada , italy and malta .
pyridoxamine is one of the compounds composing vitamin b6 , along with pyridoxal and pyridoxine .
he enlisted in the army during the early days of the civil war and initially served in the fenner artillery .
he was later promoted to the rank of major .
he was a member of the louisiana state house of representatives in ## .
following the war , he served as a u .
senator during reconstruction as a democrat from ## ## .
it is located on university avenue , just north of bader lane .
it has stood for over a century as a symbol of the university .
many ceremonial events , plays , and concerts take place in grant hall .
as it is mainly a convocation hall , classes rarely take place within its walls , although it is used for exams .
the citizens of frontenac county voted overwhelmingly against the idea , however , and things looked grim , for no alternate source of funds was in sight .
there has been much speculation on why frontenac refused to fund the building .
one theory states that it was simply too much to ask , as frontenac was not a rich county and populated mostly by farmers .
he had spoken out publicly against the idea , feeling it was impractical , and some say the people of frontenac never forgave him .
in the end it was the students , led by the ams president james wallace , that stepped forward and informed the trustees that they intended to raise the money themselves , but were planning on calling the building grant hall .
principal grant objected at first , saying that the hall should keep its original name , but the students replied smartly that if they were to find the funds , surely they could name it whatever they liked .
grant accepted the honour with a modest delight , and the campaign began .
one third of the money came from the students themselves , many of whom lived on the poverty line .
the tribute to him had become a memorial before the first stone was laid .
when completed in ## , however , it was the pride of the campus .
it is the title track from the ## album with the same name .
for the colorado governor , see john arthur love .
he participated in ## grands prix , debuting on december ## , ## .
he achieved ## podium , and scored a total of ## championship points .
nevertheless , he became a regular contestant in the south african grand prix and was leading the ## event at kyalami in his ## .
it is one of the most popular pieces to feature rhythm changes .
the performer is expected to improvise the b section , as only the a section is transcribed .
the venetian lira was the independent currency of venice until ## .
it was subdivided into ## soldi , each of ## denari .
## chicago is a very large main belt asteroid .
he was the grandfather of richard bulliet , a present day historian .
bulliet grew up in corydon , indiana and graduated in ## from indiana university .
for nine years he pursued a journalism career in indianapolis .
his theater reviews resulted in an offer from robert mantell , the head of a touring shakespeare company , to become his press agent .
bulliet traveled in advance of the company throughout the united states and canada for nine years , except for one year when he was a regional advance man for d .
art criticism then remained his primary occupation even after the post was absorbed by the chicago daily news .
he was married to southern indiana artist katherine adams bulliet and they had one son , leander jackson .
after the death of his first wife in ## he married catherine girdler bulliet .
built before ## , the monterey country club is home to one of the oldest golf courses in the united states .
the club sits just below the peaks of ## , ## mt .
the club has served as a summer retreat for many washingtonians , and american presidents woodrow wilson , calvin coolidge and dwight d .
eisenhower have all played the monterey country club course .
in ## wallis simpson was born in square cottage next to the old monterey inn directly across the road from first green .
she later married prince edward , duke of windsor and became the duchess of windsor .
the monterey country club sits upon ## acres that were once part of a mountain swamp that bogged down general robert e .
lee and the army of northern virginia as they retreated from the battle of gettysburg in july of ## .
all three had long been a part of the seattle music community with mccready playing in such bands as pearl jam and temple of the dog , martin with skin yard and the screaming trees and saunders with the walkabouts as well as blues talents such as little pat rushing , hubert sumlin , sammy fender , and the lamont cranston band .
mccready then brought in friend and alice in chains frontman layne staley to round out the lineup .
it also included guest vocals by screaming trees frontman and solo artist mark lanegan .
the album was released on march ## , ## on columbia records to critical and commercial success .
above was certified gold on june ## of that year .
as a result he declined to participate in the project any further thus leaving mad season without a singer .
martin briefly returned to work with screaming trees before they too disbanded in ## .
since then martin has worked as occasional touring drummer for r .
staley briefly reunited with alice in chains in the late nineties before dropping out of the public eye permanently .
his body was later found on april ## , ## in his condominium , the victim of an apparent overdose of cocaine and heroin .
lanegan has gone on to a relatively successful solo career and has also worked with stoner rock icons queens of the stone age .
it combines a mainstream academic education with an intensive dance training .
graduates also enter other ballet companies or dance and contemporary dance companies , or pursue careers outside of dance .
the school was founded in ## by dame ninette de valois .
a proper school was created in talgarth road in ## .
the royal ballet school is divided into two sections .
the lower school caters to students aged from ## ## and is located in southwest london at white lodge , richmond park .
the students are taught a wide range of modern and traditional dance styles in addition to ballet , and also take gcses .
the lower school is primarily a boarding school , but also takes day pupils .
in january of ## , the upper school moved to new premises in central london , on floral street , covent garden .
it connects to the royal opera house by a fourth floor level spiral bridge spanning floral street .
a significant number of international students enter the school at upper school level .
upper school students do not board , but accommodation for students whose families do not live in london is arranged by the school .
fees assistance is provided by the government for united kingdom students , and also european union students on a more restricted basis .
students from families with very low incomes pay no fees .
the overwhelming majority of bangladeshi americans are ethnically bengalis , and speak bengali .
while ethnic bengalis have been living in the united states for decades , bangladeshi americans are a new community .
as bangladesh has only been an independent country since ## , the first immigrants specifically from that nation traveled to the united states in the 1970s .
prior to that date , all bengali americans were considered either indian american or pakistani american .
the ## census undertaken by the census bureau listed ## , ## people identifying themselves as having bangladeshi origin .
since that time , some universities in north america have taken to awarding a doctor of the university or d .
univ as an honorary degree instead of the more usual ll .
using subnet zero for addressing was discouraged at one point due to the confusion created by having a network and subnet with the same address .
sunset is a city in davis county , utah , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
and by ## had been estimated to decline to exactly ## , ## .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## , ## households , and ## , ## families residing in the city .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
there were ## , ## households out of which ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
the group has released five albums with a total of ## songs and ## videos .
tartak was one of the bands that performed during the events of the orange revolution as seen in the picture to the right .
sashko thought that tartak symbolized something energetic , loud , active , and hence appropriate for a band name .
he made his first feature length film , requiem of snow in ## .
fariborz lachini one of the most famous iranian film music composers , made the music of the film .
the photography of the film was done by morteza poursamadi , a celebrated iranian photographer .
she is the chairperson of the ruling united progressive alliance in the lok sabha , and the leader of the congress parliamentary party .
she was named the third most powerful woman in the world by forbes magazine in the year ## and currently ranks 13th .
born to stefano and paola maino , as sonia antonia maino , in lusiana , a little village ## km from vicenza , italy , she spent her adolescence in orbassano , a town near turin being raised in a roman catholic family and attending a catholic school .
her father , a building contractor and former fascist supporter , died in ## .
her mother and two sisters still live around orbassano .
while doing this certificate course she met rajiv gandhi , who was enrolled at the time in trinity college at the university of cambridge .
it was not until ## that she acquired indian citizenship .
when indira was ousted from office in ## and when rajiv entered politics in ## , sonia continued to focus on her family and avoided all contact with publicity .
she took up indian citizenship as late as ## .
sonia was vehement in her denunciation of politics and politicians .
she is said to have stated that she would have rather seen her children beg than enter into the maelstrom of indian political life .
after her refusal , the party settled on the choice of p v narasimha rao as leader and , subsequently , prime minister .
the congress fortunes continued to dwindle and it was feared that it would no longer be the largest party in parliament .
several senior leaders such as madhavrao scindia , rajesh pilot , mamata banerjee , g k moopanar , p .
chidambaram , jayanthi natarajan etc were in open revolt against the incumbent president sitaram kesri and quit the party , splitting the congress into many factions .
sonia finally joined the congress party as a primary member in the calcutta plenary session at ## .
the party made its poorest showing ever with just ## seats in parliament .
she was also the third foreign born woman to head the congress following annie besant and nellie sengupta .
she was elected the leader of the opposition of the 13th lok sabha in ## .
when the bjp led nda formed a government under vajpayee , she took on the office of the leader of opposition .
in her own speech which had opened the debate she accused the government of ineptness in handling the kargil crisis and the violence in the north east .
she also charged the government ministers with profiteering from the war .
her action was hailed as an act of renunciation , while her opponents attacked it as a political move in which the ultimate aim was to gain an absolute majority for the congress party in parliament , subsequent to which she would become prime minister .
this was contested by others and eventually the suits were dismissed by the supreme court of india .
finally , in a speech given to congress m .
ps in the central hall of parliament , she stated that she had never aimed to be prime minister and her entry into politics was only to preserve secularism and protect the poor .
on may ## , she recommended noted economist dr .
moreover , the fact that he was not known to have any political ambitions and that he enjoyed a good rapport with sonia gandhi probably helped him to win the post .
sonia retained the post of the leader of the majority and the chairperson of the congress parliamentary party .
this arrangement enabled her to keep political control of the party and to deal with the political fire fights in the giant coalition government while leaving the management of the country in the hands of manmohan singh .
on march ## , ## , gandhi announced her resignation from the lok sabha and also as chairperson of the national advisory council .
at the start of her career sonia gandhi was seen as wooden and uncharismatic .
she remained an unknown factor to all but the inner circle of her party .
her views on any aspect of policy were unknown .
she had seldom showed initiative on any issue , could not handle a press conference and rarely departed from scripted performances .
she however remained a major crowdpuller , cynics attributing it more to curiosity .
her public speaking has steadily improved over the years and she began to give a series of carefully set up interviews to the indian media .
her interventions on the petroleum hike , the jessica lal murder case and the anti dalit violence in maharastra have been critical .
she is a careful strategist who relies on the opinion of expert committees .
her closest advisors include women like sheila dikshit , ambika soni , jayanthi natarajan and renuka choudhary .
her son , rahul gandhi , was elected to parliament for the amethi constituency in ## .
some consider him to be the natural heir to the reins of the party , and he has been tipped to become a congress leader in the future .
priyanka gandhi has not stood for office , though she has worked as a congress campaign manager .
culture speculation is the practice of engaging in or promoting an area or region through either direct investment or relocation in order to attract a pool of culture or cultured individuals .
the primary occupation in this small village is agriculture .
however the spread of education has taken people places from here .
there is a csi church , haker memorial csi church at the village centre .
the village also has active self help groups , which has helped a greal deal .
important areas include saralvilai , kattuvilai , valanvilai and keela moolachel .
shows can also be listened to on their website bbcsoundcrew .
the show has taken great strides in its first year with its popularity soaring .
each show is also made available online at bbcsoundcrew .
com so listeners can listen anytime as even the old shows are archived .
the ## south african general election was held for the ## seats in the parliament of the union of south africa .
australian country music is a vibrant part of the music of australia .
there is a broad range of styles , from bluegrass , to yodelling to folk to the more popular .
australia has a long tradition of country music , which has developed a style quite distinct from its u .
another , more americanised form of australian country music was pioneered in the 1930s by such recording artists as tex morton .
in recent years local contemporary country music , featuring much crossover with popular music , has enjoyed considerable popularity in australia .
she joined the yale faculty in ## after teaching at duke law school .
she specializes in the study of international business transactions , law and development , ethnic conflict , and globalization and the law .
the book examines how globalization and democratization since ## have affected the relationship between market dominant minorities and the wider population .
chua was a member of the highly successful chinese filipino minority before emigrating to the united states and has worked for the world bank .
it comprises ## genera , though the position of temburongia remains uncertain .
the city lights pocket poets series is a series of poetry collections published by lawrence ferlinghetti and city lights books of san francisco since august ## .
initially , the books were small , affordable paperbacks with a distinctive black and white cover design .
many of the poets were members of the beat generation and the san francisco renaissance , but the volumes included a diverse array of poets , including authors translated from spanish , german , russian , and dutch .
i had in mind rather an international , dissident , insurgent ferment .
early trax is a cd from industrial metal band ministry .
he won the british hillclimb championship in both ## and ## driving a gould , and in the latter year won an unprecedented ## of the ## rounds of the series .
in the process he broke many outright hill records , and became the first driver to complete the shelsley walsh course in under ## seconds .
its signal , located at ## khz , can be picked up throughout southern new england by day and over several states as well as parts of canada by night .
this makes it one of the oldest continuously broadcasting radio time tones in the world .
it also contains pirated dreamcast firmware , enabling it to play dreamcast games .
sega accused the company of copyright violations and was able to halt production of the system .
because of its pirated firmware , the treamcast can play all international games .
also , despite its origins in hong kong , the treamcast houses an american power supply .
it will also take original dreamcast controllers , 3rd party controllers , and the unique controllers which come with it .
it will house the same display , but this time will come with the original dreamcast controller for comfortable playing .
in economics the aggregate expenditures model is used to predict future gdp growth .
in the model gdp is compared to aggregate expenditures to find a gdp equilibrium .
according to the model gdp will always tend towards equilibrium .
the 45o line represents all the points at which neither a condition of savings or dissavings exists .
the point at which the aggregate expenditures function intersects the 45o line is the equilibrium point where aggregate income equals consumption plus investment .
he served as the governor of south australia between ## and ## .
he was created a peer as baron norrie , of wellington in the dominion of new zealand and of upton in the county of gloucester , in ## .
during world war ii norrie served as commander of 1st armoured brigade , inspector of the royal armoured corps , goc 1st armoured division before finally seeing action as goc xxx corps .
he commanded xxx corps during operation crusader with some success .
graphic designers and others may install numerous fonts on their computers .
a corrupt font can cause a variety of operating problems on a computer .
font management programs allow users to activate only the fonts they need for any particular project .
users can also create and activate sets of fonts for specific projects .
most programs can automatically activate fonts when a particular project is opened in the program used to create it .
if the user has more than one font of the same name , the suitcase font manager uses a technology called fontsense to determine which font was actually used in the document .
many foundries have issued fonts of the same name , such as baskerville or garamond .
fontsense uses additional font data , including kerning and metrics to determine the correct font .
some programs like morrison softdesign fontdoctor can also check font collections for damaged or corrupted fonts and diagnose other font problems .
examples of commercial font management programs on the apple macintosh platform include extensis suitcase , linotype fontexplorer x , adobe type manager deluxe , alsoft masterjuggler , and fontagent pro .
the ottoman empire developed a highly advanced organisation of state over the centuries .
even though it had a very centralized government with the sultan as the supreme ruler , it had an effective control of its provinces and citizens , as well as its officials .
positions were perceived as titles such as viziers and a as .
military service was a key to advancement in the hierarchy .
with the expansion of the empire , the need for more systematic administrative organization arose .
outside this system were various types of vassal and tributary states .
each vilayet the governors were assigned to the each vilayet .
the ruling class was called the askeri , including the noblemen , court officials , military officers and the religious class called the ulema .
the crown typically passed to the son of a sultan , but the hereditary system changed often and was inconsistently applied .
though the sultan was the sublime monarch he had a number of advisors and ministers .
the most powerful of these were the viziers of the divan , led by the grand vizier .
the divan was a council where the viziers met and debated the politics of the empire .
sometimes the sultan called a divan meeting himself if he had something important to inform his viziers of , such as coming war .
the divan consisted of three viziers in the 14th century and eleven in the 17th century , four of them served as viziers of the dome , the most important ministers next to the grand vizier .
the viziers were the core of the nobles , though they were really servants of the sultan .
in addition , the viziers had their own advisers called the kahya .
other noble families inhabited istanbul and often visited the court during parties or ceremonies .
the clergy was another prominent part of the court .
the muftis and imams were always present at religious ceremonies , which were plentiful .
they often accompanied the sultan when he went out hunting .
the ministries and departments were important parts of the ottoman bureaucracy .
the ministries also supplied the viziers with whatever information they required .
for each military corps there was a naz r who had the administrative power .
under him was the a a who had the ceremonial command of the corps .
the hereditary rulers of these territories were known as beys and many of the continued to rule under the suzerainty of the ottoman sultans .
the term bey came to be applied not only to these former rulers but also to new governors appointed where the local leadership had been eliminated .
the imperial government was added during the second constitutional era .
townspeople , villagers and farmers formed a lower class called the reaya .
this class had nothing to do with what religion one belonged to but rather meant anyone who was not askeri .
nobles sometimes used the word turk for muslim farmers and villagers , referring to them as ignorant .
the qadis came from the ulema and represent the legal authority of the sultan .
likewiese , qadis were not permitted to personally effect punishment .
in the areas of sharia and kanun law , qadis were responsible directly to the sultan .
the community governing was a hierarchical system with the elders as the smallest group which forms the millets .
beginning with tanzimat millets have their own selected councils , which was another layer between the patriarchs and elders .
millets were led by religious chiefs , who served as secular as well as religious leaders and thus had a substantial interest in the continuation of ottoman rule .
quite interesting is the fact that in several well economically established areas this prokritoi class would eventually become a type of nobility .
mehmed ii used the conquering army to restore the physical structure of the city .
the ottoman empire had many vassal states of varying size attached to it .
vassals paid taxes to the sultan and often contributed with troops in various ottoman military campaigns .
many of the imperial provinces were vassal states before being reduced to provinces .
risby is a hamlet in the east riding of yorkshire , england .
it is situated approximately ## miles south west of beverley and lies a mile west of the a164 road .
the romantic leads in hollywood films are usually the same age , or sometimes an actress is paired with an older man .
older actresses have charged age discrimination , or ageism , in casting .
occasionally , movies are made where the actress is older than her leading man .
like many dutch painters of his time , jan van goyen studied art in the town of haarlem .
dutch painting was highly specialized and rarely could an artist hope to achieve greatness in more than one area in a lifetime of painting .
jan van goyen would be classified primarily as a landscape artist with an eye for the genre subjects of everyday life .
he painted many of the canals in and around den haag as well as the villages surrounding countryside of delft , rotterdam , leiden , and gouda .
then with a blade , scrape over the entire surface a thin layer of tinted white lead to act as a ground and to fill the low areas of the panel .
the ground was tinted light brown , sometimes reddish , or yellow ocher in colour .
next , van goyen would loosely and very rapidly sketch out the scene to be painted with pen and ink without going into the small details of his subject .
this walnut ink drawing can be clearly seen in some of the thinly painted areas of his work .
for a guide , he would have turned to a detailed drawing .
the scene would have been drawn from life outdoors and then kept in the studio as reference material .
drawings by artists of the time were rarely works of art in their own right as they are viewed today .
on his palette he would grind out a colour collection of neutral grays , umbers , ocher and earthen greens that looked like they were pulled from the very soil he painted .
a varnish oil medium was used as vehicle to grind his powered pigments into paint and then used to help apply thin layers of paint which he could easily blend .
the dark areas of the painting were kept very thin and transparent with generous amounts of the oil medium .
the light striking the painting in these sections would be lost and absorbed into the painting ground .
the lighter areas of the picture were treated heavier and opaque with a generous amount of white lead mixed into the paint .
light falling on the painting in a light section is reflected back at the viewer .
the surface of a finished painting resembles a fluid supple mousse , masterfully whipped and modeled with the brush .
when looking at a van goyen painting one can almost feel the wind in the trees laced with the scent of a bluest smoke lingering above a rustic cottage , or taste the salted air near the seashore he painted .
porter is an unincorporated area in montgomery county , texas .
it grew rapidly in the 1980s , and continues to grow even more rapidly because of its proximity to the houston , texas metropolitan area .
more detailed information can be found at the of texas online .
schools in porter are operated by the caney independent school district .
porter was founded in the late 1800s and was the county seat from ## to ## .
a post office operated there from ## through the 1930s .
by ## the population of porter was ## , and the town had two general stores , a lumber company , and a livestock breeder .
porter by ## had four businesses and a population estimated at ## , rising to ## by the early 1940s .
it was founded in ## as a retailer of premium roasted coffee beans by timothy snelgrove and his wife teresa snelgrove .
as the company expanded , it evolved its retail offering to include brewed coffee , now the mainstay of the business .
for this reason the company offers a freshness guarantee and other supporting company policies .
in ## , the mckinnon family acquired ownership and control from tim snelgrove and becky became president .
other stores were located in boston , washington , and philadelphia .
the mckinnons are reported to have been seeking a buyer for the company .
in the last several years , there has been very high turnover in management staff , and quite limited investment in new store locations , as the company drives toward increased operating profitability .
it is wholly owned by tam linhas aereas from brazil .
after that , he spent three seasons with the wolves until september ## ## when he was traded along with point guard pooh richardson to the indiana pacers in exchange for small forward chuck person and point guard micheal williams .
there he spent another three seasons before returning to minnesota for the remainder of his playing career until retiring in ## .
he was named the coach of the month in january ## for his effort bringing the toronto raptors back to .
paul manz born ## , is an american composer for choir and organ .
paul manz has long served the church as recitalist , composer , teacher and leader in worship .
he is the director of the newly established paul manz institute of church music , and is professor emeritus of church music at christ seminary seminex at the lutheran school of theology in chicago .
a fulbright grant enabled him to study with flor peeters in belgium and helmut walcha in germany .
the belgian government invited him to be the official united states representative in ceremonies honoring flor peeters on his 80th birthday and his 60th year as titular organist of the cathedral of saint rombout in mechelen , belgium .
at that tme , flor peeters referred to his former student as my spiritual son .
he has appeared at the lincoln center in new york city , with the national symphony orchestra at the kennedy center in washington , d .
, with the chicago symphony orchestra at orchestra hall and with the minnesota orchestra under the direction of charles dutoit , leonard slatkin , and henry charles smith .
in addition , he has played recitals in churches and cathedrals here and abroad .
he is in great demand for his hymn festivals , which are his legacy as a church musician .
he has conducted many organ clinics , participated in liturgical seminars and appeared as lecturer and recitalist at the regional and national conventions of the american guild of organists .
the esteem and respect with which paul manz is regarded can be seen in the many honors he has received .
he has twice been named one of the ten most influential lutherans .
he has served as national councilor of the american guild of organists and is listed as one of the ## most notable organists of the 20th century .
he is the recipient of many honorary doctorates and awards .
at a convention of the association of lutheran church musicians , his colleagues honored him for his work in the church .
trinity seminary of columbus , ohio bestowed the joseph sittler award for theological leadership and among his many honorary doctorates is the doctor of sacred music degree from valparaiso university , and most recently , the doctor of music degree from st .
as a performer , manz is most famous for his celebrated hymn festivals .
the congregation then sings the hymn with his accompaniment .
many volumes of these improvisations have been written out and published and are played by church organists throughout the world .
his organ works are extensively used in worship services , recitals and in teaching .
his choral music is widely used by church and college choirs here and abroad .
his motet , e en so , lord jesus , quickly come is regarded as a classic and has been frequently recorded here and abroad .
his life and works is the subject of a doctoral dissertation which details his career spanning more than fifty years and analyzes his organ works .
for the problem relating to computers , see horizon problem in computer programs .
the horizon problem is a problem with the standard cosmological model of the big bang which was identified in the 1970s .
when one looks out into the night sky , distances also correspond to time into the past .
a galaxy measured at ten billion light years in distance appears to us as it was ten billion years ago , because the light has taken that long to travel to us .
the universe is believed to be about ## billion years old , so the most distant objects one can possibly see are ## billion light years away .
in standard physical theories , no information can travel faster than the speed of light .
for instance , heat will naturally flow from a hotter area to a cooler one , and in physics terms this is one example of information exchange .
one would expect , then , that their physical properties could be different , and more generally , that the universe as a whole would have varying properties in different areas .
contrary to this expectation , the universe is in fact extremely homogeneous .
the difference in temperature is so slight that it has only recently become possible to develop instruments even capable of measuring it .
this is thought to have occurred about ## , ## years after the big bang , so the volume of any possible information exchange was ## , ## light years across .
instead , the entire sky has the same temperature , a volume times larger .
during inflation , the universe would have increased in size by an enormous factor .
if correct , inflation solves the horizon problem by suggesting that prior to the inflationary period the entire universe was causally connected , and it was during this period that the physical properties evened out .
in the modern era distant areas in the sky appear to be unconnected causally , but in fact were much closer together in the past .
one consequence of cosmic inflation is that the anisotropies in the big bang are reduced but not entirely eliminated .
differences in the temperature of the cosmic background are smoothed by cosmic inflation , but they still exist .
the theory predicts a spectrum for the anisotropies in the microwave background which is mostly consistent with observations from wmap and cobe .
it was founded in ## as a borough constituency .
it was a constituency of the house of commons of the parliament of england until ## , then of the parliament of great britain from ## to ## , and of the parliament of the united kingdom from ## to ## .
it was represented by two burgesses until ## , when it was reduced to one member of parliament .
many of them are traditional races from previous publications , versions of the game or various fantasy sources .
leonard miller , a retired dentist , and consist of a blend of american and japanese gardening techniques .
to be designated a botanical garden , a site must contain labeled plants , be open to the public , and contain at least ## species .
plants in the american backyard xeriscapetm garden thrive without additional watering and include annuals such as zinnias and marigolds .
born in victoria , british columbia , he studied piano with alberto guerrero at the toronto conservatory of music in ## .
from ## to ## , he studied with nadia boulanger in paris .
he started teaching at in the faculty of music at the university of toronto in ## .
from ## to ## , he was the dean of the faculty .
he was founding director of the institute for canadian music at the university of toronto .
hillburn is a village in rockland county , new york , united states .
according to the united states census bureau , the village has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the village .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the village the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
thurgood marshall won a disparity case regarding intergration of the schools of hillburn , ## years before his landmark case of brown v .
whereas a nearby school attended by white children included a gymnasium , a library and indoor plumbing .
the rockland african diaspora heritage center in pomona , new york has an exhibit which include artifacts and photographs loaned by a student who attended the brook school and who went on to teach english and history .
it originally aired in north america on april ## , ## .
this also marks the first appearance of the antagonist mom .
after having their dreams taken over by an advertisement , the planet express crew takes a trip to the local shopping mall .
trying to buy the product in his dreams , fry realises he is broke .
at the same time , bender is caught shoplifting and sent to jail .
unable to pay the bail , fry remembers he had a bank account back in the twentieth century .
after mom discovers fry intends to eat the anchovies , she stops interfering .
fry covers a pizza with the anchovies , and shares them with the rest of the planet express employees .
everyone except fry spits their pizza out in disgust .
this is with annual compounding , as opposed to the more traditional monthly compounding of interest .
the town of kannur is the district headquarters , and gives the district its name .
kannur district is bounded by kasaragod district to the north and kozhikode district to the south .
to the east the district is bounded by the western ghats range , which forms the border with karnataka state , in its districts of kodagu and chamarajanagar .
kannur has an urban population of ## , ## , ## which is second largest in kerala after ernakulam district .
kannur district is known as the land of looms and lores , because of the number of looms functioning in the district and festivals held in temples .
the district is a major centre of theyyam , a ritual dance of northern kerala , and small shrines known as kavus associated with the theyyam dot the district .
there are several myths and legends associated with kannur .
it is quite common in india that the names of villages and districts are associated with indian mythological characters , even if there is no mention of such a village in the respective mythology .
in this context , it is worth mentioning that the deity of the katalayi srikrishna temple was originally installed in a shrine at katalayi kotta in the southeastern part of the present kannur town .
it is said that the ships of solomon had anchored along the coasts of kannur to collect timber for building the temple of the lord .
kannur also finds mention as naura in the periplus of the erythraean sea , a greek work of great antiquity .
the district was part of the chera kingdom , which ruled most of kerala during the first several centuries ce .
later kannur was the capital of the kolattiri rajas , whose kingdom had trading relations with arabia and persia during 12th century and 13th century .
other visitors included faxian , the buddhist pilgrim and ibn batuta , writer and historian of tangiers .
the portuguese explorer vasco da gama visited kannur in ## , and shortly thereafter it became a portuguese settlement .
in ## , the kolathiris came openly into the field against the portuguese by providing active support to kunjali marakkars of kozhikode .
the kolathiris and the zamorins of kozhikode fought a common war against portuguese and the besieged fort st .
the english east india company got its first foothold in the district towards the closing years of the 17th century , when it acquired a site at thalassery for the erection of a fort and a factory .
in the latter half of the 18th century , hyder ali and tipu sultan , rulers of mysore , conquered much of the district and came into conflict with the british .
kannur district played an important role in indian freedom movement .
the indian national congress , which was founded in ## , established a malabar district committee in ## .
a branch of the all india home rule league , founded by dr .
annie beasant , functioned in thalassery during this period and among its active workers was v .
by the end of ## , a branch of the communist party of india was formally founded at pinarayi , a village near thalassery .
the khilafat movement coincided with the infamous moplah rebellion of ## .
this was put down by the british with an iron hand not before thousands of innocent hindus were massacred by moplah fanatics .
what started out as a revolt against british rule became a communal genocide .
hindu landlords , labourers and poor farmers were killed , their land and property taken away and thousands converted forcibly .
kannur district came into the limelight of kerala politics in may ## , when the fourth all kerala political conference was held at payyannur under the auspices of the kerala provincial congress .
this conference was presided over by pandit jawaharlal nehru .
payyannur was the main venue of the salt satyagraha , a major turning point in the indian freedom movement , in malabar .
on april ## , a batch of congress volunteers under the leadership of k .
kelappan started on foot from kozhikkode to the beaches of payyannur and broke the salt laws there on april ## .
the satyagraha camp at payyannur was raided and the campers were beaten up .
there were widespread demonstrations in kannur , thalassery and other parts of the district and a number of congress workers were arrested .
the period following the withdrawal of the civil disobedience movement witnessed the emergence of a radical wing in the kerala provincial congress .
some of the radical elements in the kerala provincial congress organized a kerala unit of the congress socialist party in ## and functioned as a separate group within the provincial congress .
the leadership of this group was in the hands of persons like p .
an extremist group of nationalist muslims also emerged within the congress during this period under the leadership of muhammad abdur rahiman .
the congress socialists and the nationalist muslims made common cause against the gandhian group known as the right wing which was led by such leaders as k .
a notable development in the politics of malabar during the thirties was the rise of the muslim league as a district political party .
it was the muslim leaders of kannur and thalassery who played the lead role in forming this organization .
the leftist elements in the kerala provincial congress were also active in the politics of malabar in the late thirties .
they took active part in organizing the workers , peasants , students and teachers of kannur district under their banner .
in the election held to the kerala provincial congress committee in january ## , the rightists suffered a severe set back .
muhammad abdur rahiman was elected as the president of the kpcc and e .
towards the end of the same year , a branch of the indian communist party was formally founded in malabar .
the congress socialist party workers joined the communist party en bloc .
the action was disapproved by the congress high command , but there were meetings and demonstrations all over malabar on this day .
there were violent clashes between the people and the police at several places and lathicharge and firing were resorted to by the police to meet the situation .
two young men were killed in a clash between a mob and a police party at morazha .
gopalan , a prominent communist , was arrested on a charge of murder and later sentenced to death .
but , owing to the intervention of several top ranking political leaders including mahatma gandhi , the death penalty was not carried out .
the quit india movement of august ## also had its echoes in kannur district .
a socialist group among the congress workers under dr .
the war period , especially from ## to ## , had its ravages on the district .
famine and cholera epidemic took thousands of lives from the lower strata of society .
on the initiative of the people under the leadership of the kisan sabha , commendable services were rendered to tide over the crisis .
the grow more food campaign organized at mangattuparamba by the kisan sabha was a new chapter in the history of mass movement .
but the government suppressed the movement by force and destroyed the farm .
though the war ended in ## , famine continued to haunt the people .
karivellor , the northern most village of the present kannur district , made a historic stride in the struggle against poverty and famine .
the transporting of paddy from karivellore to chirakkal kovilakom was blocked and distributed to the people of the village .
the movement was led by peasant leaders like a .
one kannan and kunhambu became martyrs in the struggle when police opened fire .
during the month of december ## , the people of kavumbayi , an eastern village of the district , raised their demand for punam cultivation .
a strong police contingent was sent to the spot .
the peasants resisted the armed forces which led to the killing of five peasants in the firing .
the struggle of aron mill workers in the year ## is noteworthy in this regard .
even after independence , the struggles of the peasantry formed an important part in the history of the state .
places like thillankeri , manayankunnu , korom and paddikkunnu are memorable in the annals of the peasant struggles in the post independence era .
the all india conference of kisan sabha , held at kannur in ## , resolved to initiate struggles for new tenancy legislations .
kannur was once the nurturing ground and think tank of the communist movement in kerala , and was home of the famous communist leaders a .
the nationalist congress party leader and another former cm of kerala , k .
communist parties have a strong base in this district .
kannur can be geographically divided into highland , midland and lowland regions .
highlands are the mountainous region forming part of the western ghats and are covered by rainforests , plantations of coffee , tea and different types of spices like cardamom .
the midland region lies between the highlands and lowlands and is made up of undulating hills and valleys .
the lowland is the narrow stretch comprising of rivers , deltas and the coastal region .
six rivers drain kannur , the longest being the valapattanam river with a length of ## km .
other rivers flowing through kannur district are kuppam , mahe river , anjarakandi , thalassery , ramapuram and perumba .
the district has a humid climate with an oppressive hot season from march to the end of may .
it has an unbroken coastline of a few kilometres .
the well laid out garden and the massive landscaped sculpture of mother and child erected by noted sculptor kanayi kunhiraman makes it extremely captivating .
the virgin beach is a tourist s paradise with golden sand and surf .
angelo s fort , the mopila bay has a historical background .
centuries ago , it was the seat of kolathiri kings .
the kadalayi fort and sree krishna temple were quite famous .
the remnants of the fort and the temple are still seen in mopila bay .
a fishing harbour , built with indo norwegian project assistance , can be seen at this bay .
boating in the sea , if the weather permits , will be an unforgettable experience .
muzhappilangad beach is situated about ## km north of thalassery and ## km from kannur .
there is an unpaved road winding through coconut groves , leading to the beach .
the beach is about ## kilometers long and curves in a wide area providing a good view of kannur beach on the north .
such a conjunction of beach and island is rare .
during low tide , one can just walk to the island from the beach .
permission is required to enter this privately owned island .
dharmadam , earlier known as dharmapattanam was a buddhist stronghold .
majority of the population of the district are dependent directly or indirectly on agriculture for their livelihood .
the main crops grown in the district are paddy , coconut , pepper , cashew , tapioca , arecanut and plantation crops like rubber .
under the high yielding variety programme , substantial increase in paddy production has been achieved , even though the percentage of area sown under paddy is decreasing year after year , due to conversion of paddy fields to other purposes .
the average yield of paddy is recorded as ## kg .
next to paddy , coconut is the most important crop in the district .
an important cash crop grown in the district is cashewnut .
the district plays a unique role in its cultivation and production .
the vast stretches of suitable waste lands with low fertility status extends scope for expansion of cashew cultivation and its allied industries .
pepper is mostly grown as an intercrop with coconut , arecanut and various fruit trees .
rubber is the most important industrial cash crop among the plantation crops .
the yield of rubber per hectare varies from ## kg to ## kg .
kannur district has had its industrial importance from very early days .
being blessed with a variety of factors such as good soil , salubrious climate , rich forests , enormous fishing potentials , minerals as well as infrastructural facilities like road , rail , inland water transport , etc .
, the district offers ample scope for the development of industries .
nevertheless , kannur is an industrially backward district in the state .
there are only one major and five mini industrial estates in the district .
the western india plywoods is one of the biggest wood based industrial complexes in south east asia .
textiles , beedi and coir are the important traditional industries in the district .
about one lakh people depend on the textile industry for livelihood .
the beedi industry provides employment to about ## , ## people .
the coir industry which uses traditional technology provides employment to about ## , ## workers .
there are ## small scale industrial units in the district .
the district has ## sick units which is about ## .
## industrial societies and four power loom societies are also functioning here .
kannur , thalassery , payyannur , taliparamba and edakkad have been identified as growth centers , having potential for industrial development .
at the time of its formation , the district consisted of seven taluks , viz , kasaragod , hosdurg , taliparamba , kannur , thalassery , north wayanad and south wayanad .
subsequently , the south wayanad taluk was included in kozhikode district with effect from 15th march ## .
later , on first november ## , wayanad district was formed carving out south wayanad and north wayanad taluks .
there are nine development blocks comprising of ## panchayats .
the development blocks are kannur , edakkad , irikkur , iritty , kuthuparamba , payyannur , peravoor , taliparamba and thalassery .
the west coast road from mahe to talapady is the backbone of the road system in kannur district .
thalassery kodagu road and the thalassery mysore road are the other important roads .
the airports at mangalore in karnataka and kozhikode are about ## killometers away from kannur .
thalassery , kannur and azhikkal are the minor ports in the district .
the inland water transport system connecting perumba and taliparamba was constructed in ## by the ali raja of kannur .
the district has a population of ## , ## , ## as of ## .
the total urban population of kannur district is ## , ## , ## .
this is the second largest urban population in kerala after ernakulam and is more than the population of a metro city .
the high urban population of the district is due to the ## towns in the district which is the highest toll in kerala .
kannur district has ## statutory towns namely kannur , kannur cantonment , thalassery , payyannur , taliparamba , kuthuparamba and mattannur .
natural vegetation , except in some coastal regions , consists of different types of forests .
but , in spite of generally favourable climatic conditions , vegetation is not uniform .
in restricted regions , with their own micro climate or special edaphic features , plant formations assume different characters .
thus , plant communities , ranging from psammophytes and mangroves to evergreen forests are seen in this district .
the coastal region is a comparatively narrow zone , characterised by secondary soil which is rather lose and sandy .
the sterile sandy tract supports only a poor vegetation of the psammophyte type .
owing to very poor water holding capacity of the soil , these plants are provided with special xerophytic adaptations .
another conspicuous feature of this area is the mangroove vegetation , found at the estuaries of rivers and backwaters , and often extending to the interior along their banks .
human interference has much changed the vegetation of the coastal region .
major part of the district comes under midland region with numerous hills and dales and it presents an undulating surface gradually ascending and merging into the slopes of western ghats .
soil is secondary and lateritic with underlying rock of laterite or disintegrated gneiss .
typical flora of this area is deciduous forest consisting of a mixture of evergreen and deciduous trees .
undergrowth consists of a variety of annuals and perennials .
the mountains are a continuation of the midland region , gradually ascending to the main ridge of the western ghats .
soil in the western slopes is a ferrugenous red , sandy loam .
vegetation over the whole area is of the forest type .
irregular distribution of teak , localised areas of bamboo dominance , change of good quality forest into open grass lands , etc are characteristic .
the aralam wildlife sanctuary is spread over ## square kilometres of undulating forested highlands on the slopes of the western ghats .
the headquarters of the sanctuary is near iritty , a small town about ## kilometres from kannur .
the sanctuary adjoins the central state farm at aralam .
aralam wild life is situating in muzhakkunnu panchayathu and aralam panchayath .
the elevation varies from ## m to ## m .
covered with tropical and semi evergreen forests , the aralam sanctuary is home to a vast variety of flora and fauna endemic to the western ghats .
herds of deer , elephant , boar and bison are common sights .
leopards , jungle cats and various types of squirrels are also seen here .
in the 14th and 15th centuries , during the regime of the kolathiri rajas , taliparamba was renowned all over kerala as a seat of learning , enlightenment and culture .
in the early days , the eshuthu pallies under the ezhuthachan or village school master , provided facilities to pupils to acquire elementary education .
after undergoing the preliminary course of study in these institutions , the children were sent to the kalaries for acquiring training in gymnastics and in the use of arms and then they were sent to study sanskrit in vedic schools under well trained teachers .
this dstrict had in the past , its share of such kalaries and vedic schools .
the art , kalaripayattu , is particularly associated with this district .
the beginning of western education in the district may be traced back to the middle of the 16th century .
the first english school , known as the basel german mission english school , was started on 1st march ## at thalassery .
the brennen school at thalassery , the nucleus of the present govt .
brennen college , was started in ## with the generous donation made by mr .
kannur university was established by the act ## of ## of kerala legislative assembly .
the university by the name malabar university had come into existence even earlier by the promulgaton of an ordinance by the governor of kerala , on 9th november ## .
the university was inaugurated on 2nd march ## by the hon .
the objective of the kannur university act ## is to establish in the state of kerala a teaching , residential and affiliating university so as to provide for the development of higher education in kasargod and kannur revenue districts and the mananthavady taluk of wayanad district .
the cdre football team and hockey team excelled in those days .
at the same time , the traditional martial arts like kalaripayatu has also been flourishing here all along .
after independence , the football clubs helped spread the spirit of the game in kannur .
devananad later played for the indian youth team in bangkok and several other tournaments to be picked by tata football team in mumbai .
he was the fullback when kerala won its first santosh trophy title in ## .
similarly mani , the captain of the santosh trophy winning kerala team was another well known player though he faded off the sports horizon .
in hockey too , apart from the military team , there were good teams in kannur and thalassery .
volleyball has been concentrated upon by youths in rural areas .
former indian hockey goalkeeper manuel fredricks is from kannur .
when sports divisions were started in schools in ## to tap talents , one of its divisions was started in the district .
higher secondary school , kannur , produced international stars like p .
leelamma thomas and moly benedict in basketball and anitha retnam and anandavalli in volleyball .
chidanandan , b devananad and george in football and ford and olympian federicks in hockey .
kannur became famous in south india for ball badminton , when t .
bharathan created history in weight lifting in the early fifties .
it is also believed that the game of cricket first found its way to kannur , with the british , thus making it the birthplace of the game in india .
a few years back , the district cricket association celebrated the 200th anniversary of the game in the district , in a function attended by eminent cricketers like dilip vengsarkar .
the snake park set up by the visha chikista kendra at pappinisseri , has been a centre of attraction to both foreign and domestic tourists .
this is the only place , perhaps where ayurveda and allopathy are effectively combined for curing snake bites .
a research laboratory to extract venom from snakes is proposed to be set up here .
the park is dedicated to the preservation and conservation of snakes , many species of which are getting extinct gradually .
parassinikkadavu is also noted for the famous muthappan temple .
this is the only temple in kerala where a theyyam performance is a daily ritual offering .
having witnessed several wars for seizing the control of the fort , the british flag flew over it finally in ## .
a painting of this fort and the fishing ferry behind the fort can be seen in the rijksmuseum in amsterdam .
a base reception centre and a watchtower atop the cliff function for the benefit of tourists and trekkers .
the thiruvangad temple , dedicated to sree rama , one of the important temple located in kannur .
the most striking feature of this temple is the copper sheeting of its roof , due to which it is known popularly as the brass pagoda .
it was one of the outposts of the thalassery fort in the eighteenth century .
in its precincts , many conferences were held between the officials of the east india company and local leaders , after which important political treaties and agreements were signed .
the temple contains some interesting sculptures and lithic records .
sree ramaswami temple , which is dedicated to sri rama , is one of the most important temples in malabar .
it is situated ## km from kannur , near thalasseri fort .
the exquisite carvings in the temple are believed to have been done nearly ## years ago .
trichambaram temple is situated ## km from kannur , near taliparamba town which is famous for its spices trade .
the sculptures on the walls of the sanctum sanctorum are a class by themselves .
sree muthappan is the most popular local god in the north kerala especially in kannur district .
muthappan is also the theyyam performed in the famous muthappan temple ## km north of kannur town .
the temple is regarded as one of the ## ancient shiva temples of kerala .
it has a prominent place amongst the numerous shiva temples in south india .
if any problem is encountered in temples of south india , the final solution is sought in this temple through a prasna , a traditional method of astrological decision making .
the quadrangular sanctum has a two tiered pyramidal roof .
in front of the sanctum is the namaskara mandapam .
ezhimala , the capital of the ancient mooshika kings , is considered to be an ancient historical site .
it is a conspicuous , isolated cluster of hills , forming a promontory , ## km north of kannur town .
it is believed that lord buddha had visited ezhimala .
an old mosque , believed to contain the mortal remains of shaikh abdul latif , a muslim reformist , is also located here .
there is an old tower of great antiquity here , the mount deli light house .
it is maintained by the indian navy and is a restricted area .
the beach sand is of a different texture and the sea is bluer than in other areas .
at the ettikulam bay , one can enjoy watching dolphins .
bordered by sea on three sides , ezhimala is set to occupy a prominent place in the naval history of the country , consequent to the proposal for commissioning the naval academy there .
this beautiful ancient mosque was originally built in ## by malik ibn dinar , a muslim preacher .
a block of white marble in the mosque is believed to have been brought from mecca by its founder , who came to india to spread the word of muhammad .
near by , lies a dilapidated fort believed to have been built by tipu sultan , the ruler of mysore .
this is a beautiful place near to the madayi temple , located at pazhayangadi in kannur district .
madayipara was the administrative center of the ezhimala kings .
in and around madayipara , one can find remnants from the past .
here one can also find watchtowers at the four corners of the fort .
between ad ## and ad ## , madayipara used to be the site for the coronation ceremony of the rulers of the princely state of the erstwhile kolathunadu .
the hillock of madayipara , which carries several signs of historic relevance , is also a place important from a religious point of view .
here , a pond in the shape of a hand held mirror , connected to ancient jewish setllers is another historic attraction .
similarly , a temple at this site , called vadukunda siva temple and the adjoining lake , about an acre in extension form yet another attraction at madayipara .
the lake near the temple will not go dry even in hot summer months and remains a source of nourishment to life forms at madayipara .
coming to avian life , madayipara sustains about ## species of butterflies and about ## species of birds .
among the biggest butterflies in the world , the atlas butterfly is a visitor to madayipara .
helfenberger , notker ## phylogenetic relationship of old world ratsnakes based on visceral organ topography , osteology , and allozyme variation .
in ## , medical clinics were not common in the united states .
in those times , doctors made house calls , often with a horse and buggy .
if there were problems that the family doctor could not handle , the patent would be referred to a specialist or transported to a hospital .
both the specialists and the hospitals were usually located in faraway cities .
many specialists could only be reached by train because they were located in new york or chicago .
lahey s idea , which was new at the time , was to create a clinic where all kinds of specialists worked at the same place .
today s lahey clinic is much larger than the original so it is not all in one building anymore , but the concept remains .
these patients are treated with compassion in addition to the normal high level of competence .
this is part of a longstanding culture acquired by those doctors and specialists working at lahey .
see this end of life resource guide for patients with terminal illnesses .
lahey clinic has been well known for a long time .
in ## , an article was written about it in time magazine .
the article described the history of the clinic and dr .
at the time of the article , the lahey clinic was located in downtown boston .
lahey clinic provides advanced research and medical education as part of the tufts university school of medicine .
in addition , many physicians hold teaching assignments at harvard medical school and boston university school of medicine .
the level ii trauma center is at this location as well .
a number of critics have compared his work to that of upton sinclair .
schlosser was born in manhattan , new york and spent his childhood there and in seattle , washington .
his father , herbert schlosser , was a former wall street lawyer who turned to broadcasting later in his career , eventually becoming the president of nbc in ## .
schlosser is married to shauna redford , daughter of robert redford , and has two children .
as an aspiring playwright schlosser wrote the play americans in ## .
americans was produced in ## , but is not available in the united states .
schlosser started his career as a journalist with the the atlantic monthly in boston , massachusetts .
schlosser helped adapt his book into a a ## film directed by richard linklater .
he declined to appear in the film itself and rarely makes appearances in public .
com website as part of a major public relations campaign .
the site presents statements about health and labor practices in the american beef , pork , dairy , potato and other industries .
one page includes two press releases accusing schlosser of publishing misinformation .
food manufacturers rally to oppose a film and a book that blame them for obesity , may ## , ## .
this observation is often taken as the starting point of twistor theory .
where a , b , c , d are any complex numbers satisfying ad bc ## .
this group can be given the structure of a complex manifold in such a way that composition and inversion are holomorphic maps .
namely , that circles are mapped to circles , and angles are preserved .
if , then the transformation collapses to the point ## , then moves to .
see the section below on specifying a transformation by three points .
note that multiplying by any complex number gives rise to the same transformation .
such matrix representations are called projective representations for reasons explained below .
it is often convenient to normalize so that its determinant is equal to ## .
the map is not an isomorphism , since it maps any scalar multiple of to the same transformation .
geometrically , the different types result in different transformations of the complex plane , as the figures below illustrate .
these types can be distinguished by looking at the trace .
note that the trace is invariant under conjugation , that is , .
and so every member of a conjugacy class will have the same trace .
the square is called the characteristic constant or multiplier of the transformation .
note that for any , the characteristic constant of is .
the transform is said to be loxodromic if is not in the closed interval of .
hyperbolic transforms are thus a special case of loxodromic transformations .
either or both of these fixed points may be the point at infinity .
if one of them is already at infinity then g can be modified so as to fix infinity and send the other point to ## .
for loxodromic transformations , whenever , one says that is the repulsive fixed point , and is the attractive fixed point .
when expressed in this way , the real number becomes an expansion factor .
it indicates how repulsive the fixed point is , and how attractive is .
if , then the fixed points are neither attractive nor repulsive but indifferent , and the transformation is said to be elliptical .
these transformations tend to move all points in circles around the two fixed points .
if one of the fixed points is at infinity , this is equivalent to doing an affine rotation around a point .
all other points flow along a family of circles which is nested between the two fixed points on the riemann sphere .
in general , the two fixed points can be any two distinct points .
imagine that some observer rotates with constant angular velocity about some axis .
then we can take the two fixed points to be the north and south poles of the celestial sphere .
these transformations tend to move points along circular paths from one fixed point toward the other .
all other points flow along a certain family of circular arcs away from the first fixed point and toward the second fixed point .
in general , the two fixed points may be any two distinct points on the riemann sphere .
the stars seem to move along longitudes , away from the south pole toward the north pole .
if both and are nonzero , then the transformation is said to be loxodromic .
on the mercator projection such a course is a straight line , as the north and south poles project to infinity .
but any loxodromic transformation will be conjugate to a transform that moves all points along such loxodromes .
all other points flow along a certain family of curves , away from the first fixed point and toward the second fixed point .
unlike the hyperbolic case , these curves are not circular arcs , but certain curves which under stereographic projection from the sphere to the plane appear as spiral curves which twist counterclockwise infinitely often around one fixed point and twist clockwise infinitely often around the other fixed point .
in general , the two fixed points may be any two distinct points on the riemann sphere .
note in particular that when projected onto a sphere , the special case of a fixed point at infinity looks no different to having the fixed points in an arbitrary location .
and these images demonstrate what happens when you tranform a circle under hyperbolic , elliptical , and loxodromic transforms .
the constructed matrix has determinant equal to which does not vanish if the zi resp .
ministry of public security of burundi is the ministry of the interior of burundi .
within the armed conflict , illegal killings by security forces happen .
this conflict is particularly severe in rural bujumbura province .
the clearing of land mines is among the tasks of the ministry .
pittman is based out of atlanta , georgia , where he practices family therapy .
he has been active as a psychiatrist and practicing family therapist since ## .
she has recently started her career in adult movies , but is rapidly becoming well recognized .
tia started out as a nude model willing to do pornographic films .
tia lives in cleveland , ohio and has recently launched her own website .
he reigned from august ## , ## to september ## , ## .
in ## , he abdicated , but continued to hold power as a cloistered emperor .
he attempted to decrease the influence of the fujiwara clan and increased the power of the samurai .
retired emperor toba expected him to be on the throne .
in ## toba died and soon afterwards the h gen rebellion arose .
two samurai clans , the taira and the minamoto , stood against each other , and the heiji rebellion occurred in ## .
in ## kiyomori made imperial prince tokihito crown prince .
tokihito was his grandson , the child of emperor takakura and empress consort taira no tokuko , who was a daughter of kiyomori .
in ## mochihito and minamoto no yorimasa started the first rebellion .
it failed , but several other samurai followed their attempt .
in ## kiyomori died and the decline of the taira began .
in ## minamoto no yoshinaka from musashi province defeated the taira and entered ky to .
after internal struggles within the minamoto clan , minamoto no yoshitsune , a brother of yoritomo finally destroyed the taira clan entirely in ## at the battle of dan no ura .
yoritomo considered yoshitsune disloyal to him and finally in ## yoshitsune died in the battle of mutsu province .
at the same time the sh fujiwara clan , the fujiwara clan in mutsu province , was destroyed because they supported yoshitsune against yoritomo , who claimed then the title of chief of all samurai .
stuart was born near fredericksburg , virginia and completed his preparatory education before moving to maryland .
he served during the american revolutionary war as a lieutenant in the 3rd continental light dragoons , and was wounded at eutaw springs on september ## , ## .
he transferred to baylor s dragoons on november ## , ## , and later served as a lieutenant in the second artillerists and engineers , beginning on june ## , ## and ending with his resignation on november ## , ## .
stuart was elected as a federalist to the twelfth and to the three succeeding congresses , serving from march ## , ## to march ## , ## .
copper culture state park is a ## acre wisconsin state park in oconto .
the park contains a burial ground used by the old copper culture between ## , ## and ## , ## years ago .
artifacts and photographs from excavations here are displayed on the park grounds in the charles werrenbroeck museum , a ## farmhouse .
visitors do not require a state park pass at this site , but are encouraged to make a donation at the museum .
some of the information in this has not been and might not be reliable .
it should be checked for inaccuracies and modified as needed , .
but its writer sees it as being something more than this .
this book was published under its greenbird series , focussing on fiction .
he shifted to yale university on the seymour lustman fellowship .
his fine tenor voice , however , attracted general attention , and in ## he determined to seek his fortune on the stage .
after various provincial appearances he made a great success in ## at covent garden , and thenceforth was the principal english tenor of his day .
he sang both in opera and in oratorio , but his chief popularity lay in his delivery of ballads , such as sally in our alley , blackeyed susan , the arethusa , and anything of a bold and manly type .
after defeating a combined force of santee and teton sioux forces at the battle of big mound , the native forces fled that field and were chased for several miles by u .
forces , marched ## miles before catching up to the natives the next day , july ## .
the sioux were ready for battle , but neither side made any initial attacks .
the heaviest fighting occurred when the warriors attempted to flank the u .
camp , but their attack was called off after encountering resistance from u .
prepared and published under the supervision of the board of commissioners appointed by the act of the legislature of minnesota of april ## , ## .
maria lopez is a minor fictional character on the nbc soap opera passions .
she was played by actress marta dubois in ## .
when pilar became pregnant with her fifth child paloma after being abandoned by her husband martin fitzgerald she sent her infant daughter to live with maria .
it is a type electron deflexion tube , that is it bends the path of the electrons .
when fired , they usually emit a fine bluish line which can be seen more clearly in the dark .
church of the risen christ is a roman catholic church in singapore .
it is located in the toa payoh housing estate and was founded in ## .
the growing roman catholic community of toa payoh originally conducted their religious activities at the ho ping centre and then at the social function hall of the hdb east area office .
the first mass was celebrated in the function hall on ## april ## .
in june of ## , religious bodies in singapore were invited by the singapore government to tender for a piece of land of ## , ## square feet .
a month later , the government announced that a roman catholic church would be built at the junction of toa payoh central and lorong ## .
while contributions were forthcoming from benefactors and parishioners , fr abrial had to make personal visits to parishioners to ask for further donations , some of which were collected over ## months instalments .
this shortage was eventually filled by the parishioners over the next few months .
originally , the church was to be known as church of the resurrection , but was changed to church of the risen christ as the former term was found to be rather abstract and impersonal .
we believe that he is alive and that we have a relationship with god through him .
our church stands as a permanent witness to such a faith .
as toa payoh town estate grew in its affluence and size , so did the church and its parish community .
the grotto was later built in ## in honour of the virgin mary .
upon its completion , the grotto was blessed by his grace , then archbishop gregory yong on ## august ## , the feast of the assumption .
the grotto has since become a center of devotions and prayers for individuals , families and church groups .
the wooden shed and benches were later added during the last renovation .
as time went on by , space constraints posed a growing concern .
catechism classes for children were conducted in places like the sacristy and kitchen , thereby impeding on the priests privacy and opportunity for interaction .
hence , the church decided to build a new extension that would meet the needs of the growing community .
construction on the new ## storey extension began in early ## .
## million , the new building houses the priest quarters and kitchen and contains ## rooms that double up as classrooms and meeting rooms .
at the same time , renovations within the church were carried out .
the flight of stairs leading up to the main entrance was replaced by a new staircase with an extension built to house a youth room and an auditorium .
a mural painting of jesus preaching to a small crowd with the lake galilee in the background adorns the inner wall of the extension .
to reduce renovation cost and time , layering of new floor tiles over existing ones was carried out .
small stained windows depicting the passion of the lord replaced the previous orange lanterns with illustrations of the scenes of the passion .
the old seating benches gave way to sturdy new ones , while the use of hymn books and bible leaflets were discontinued with the use of projectors and television screens displaying liturgical prayers , bible readings , hymns and announcements during mass .
the church opened the new extension for viewing to the parishioners in november ## .
choirs at the church of the risen christ sing a varied repertoire of hymns and songs , from contemporary works to traditional hymns and chants .
all choirs at the parish fall under the jurisdiction of the liturgical music committee , which is a branch overseeing all maters pertaining to liturgical music under the archdiocesean liturgy commission of the archdiocese of singapore .
the choir loft organ was purchased in the early 1990s for sunday services and choir accompaniment while the other allen organ was purchased in ## to replace the ageing organ in the sanctuary used for weekday services .
there are several ethnic groups in new karachi town including urdu speakers , punjabis , sindhis , kashmiris , seraikis , pakhtuns , balochs , memons , bohras , ismailis .
the population of new karachi town is estimated to be nearly one million .
it is built on the course of the dolores river , at about ## m above mean sea level .
the wall of the dam is ## m tall , and creates an artificial lake with a surface area of ## .
shakespeare is a ghost town in the state of new mexico .
founded as a rest stop along a stagecoach route , it later became a mining town .
in the united states , herdt has also studied adolescents and their families , the emergence of hiv and gay culture , and the role that social policy plays in sexual health .
d holder , herdt is the professor of human sexuality studies and anthropology and director of the program in human sexuality studies and national sexuality resource center at san francisco state university .
he has taught at stanford university , the university of chicago , the university of amsterdam , and the university of washington .
in early 2000s , herdt cofounded the institute on sexuality , social inequality and health that studies all forms of sexuality and discrimination that affect community building , sexual culture and sexual health .
a prolific writer , herdt has written and edited some ## books , and more than ## scientific papers .
dean played after only a couple of practices and was still able to apply pressure and repeatedly sack cowboys qb danny white .
his first home game for the 49ers was against the los angeles rams .
rastelli was born in samara , russia into a circus family .
both his parents were performers and it did not take long before the young rastelli decided to join the family business .
he received rigorous training in a variety of circus disciplines including acrobatics , balancing and aerial skills .
he practiced his juggling skills tirelessly and by the age of ## was performing a solo juggling routine .
dressed in formal evening attire , they would juggle everyday objects that you might find at the dinner table , including plates , hat and cane , loaves of bread , bottles and even chairs .
rastelli instead chose to restrict himself to objects more suited to throwing and catching , typically plates , sticks and balls .
in doing so , he was able to achieve levels of technical skill far beyond that of his contemporaries .
in ## rastelli married harriet , a highwire artist .
by the early 1920s he was becoming quite a star , touring europe and america , amazing audiences and commanding an ever increasing salary .
in this period he chose to perform in a silk costume adding static balance tricks to his energetic performances .
during the later part of the 1920s he made the move from the circus ring to the more lucrative vaudeville theatres .
his style changed again , performing in full soccer strip he would juggle up to five footballs .
with his growing fortune , rastelli , his wife and their three children purchased a large villa in bergamo .
he quickly returned home , however his condition worsened and he died in the early hours of the morning , ## december ## , as a result of anemia .
his funeral took place in bergamo , attended by thousands .
one of the most sensational attractions in the international world of vaudeville was the juggler enrico rastelli .
in his twenty years devotion to his craft this son of italy elevated it , for probably the first time , to what was unmistakably an art .
rastelli , who was the third generation and the most famous of the jugglers by that name , died in bergamo , italy , shortly before this photograph went to press .
his influence is still felt today , with most jugglers restricting themselves to the use of clubs , rings and balls .
she was launched on ## september ## , and commissioned ## december ## .
## in mk iii in ud mk iii mountings because of a shortage of ## .
the forward superstructure was considerably modified to accommodate these and also to increase crew spaces .
after trials charybdis joined the home fleet and at the end of march ## she took part in the minelaying operation s .
her duties were to escort aircraft carriers delivering aircraft reinforcements to the besieged island of malta .
the aircraft were flown off the carriers when within range of the island , and the ships returned to gibraltar .
in june ## charybdis took part in operation harpoon and vigorous .
the vigorous convoy was decimated , including the loss of her sister ship hermione , torpedoed by german submarine u205 .
in july ## charybdis covered operations pinpoint and insect , two more carrier deliveries of aircraft to malta .
by august ## charybdis escorted the aircraft carrier hms eagle in the malta convoy pedestal .
this ## ship convoy was intended to break the blockade of malta , and had a most powerful escort with two battleships , four aircraft carriers , seven cruisers and twenty six destroyers .
losses were high with hms eagle sunk by torpedoes from german submarine u73 and the convoy under constant air attack .
however , five merchant ships including the damaged tanker ss ohio arrived in malta .
the ohios cargo of fuel oil allowed the aircraft , submarines and warships based in malta to continue operations and deprive rommel of vital supplies in north africa .
in september and october charybdis was on patrol in the atlantic and searching for german raiders and blockade runners .
at the end of october she took part operation train , again covering aircraft reinforcements to malta .
for the first three months of ## she was in the scapa flow area , covering minelaying operations and patrolling in the north sea but in april ## she was transferred temporarily to the plymouth command and proceeded to cover convoys and patrol in the bay of biscay .
charybdis was again back in gibraltar in august ## and from there escorted mediterranean convoys .
the british reacted by executing operation tunnel , a standard operation whereby available ships would attempt to intercept .
charybdis was almost immediately torpedoed by the german torpedo boats t23 and t27 .
hms limbourne was also hit during this action and had to be sunk by hms rocket .
charybdis sank in position , with the loss of ## officers and ## ratings just off the north coast of brittany .
soon after the sinking , the bodies of ## royal navy and royal marine men were washed up on the island of guernsey .
the german occupation authorities buried them with full military honours and this became the opportunity for the islanders to demonstrate their loyalty to britain and their opposition to the nazi occupiers .
the wrecks of charybdis and limbourne have recently been found .
the charybdis was located in ## , ## metres deep .
isshman bracey , along with tommy johnson was the center of a small jackson , mississippi group of blues musicians in the 1920s .
his music had the rough vigor of the freer mississippi delta music .
in the early 1960s bracey was located by blues music historians and interviewed .
at that time he was still playing , but as he had joined the church in the late 1940s he has played only sacred music and gospel songs .
bracey was born in ## not frar from jactkon and became interested in playing music early .
at that time his style had not fully formed and his performances varied considerably , probably in his attempts to become more commercially successful .
he was most effective as a singer with tommy johnson serving as his accompanyist when he recorded his first sessions in memphis .
bracey was one of the few mississippi bluesmen who sang with a nasal tone without embellishment .
his lyrics loosen up enough to sing about skin creams and powder advertised as being able to lighten dark skin .
after joining the church , bracey had no plans to play outside of jackson .
he played exclusively for the church and the years when blues were a deep influence on his life .
the name is not already in the database , meaning it is available .
the name service , according to rfcs ## and ## , is called netbios naming service or nbns .
the packet formats of the name service are identical to dns .
later implementation includes an optional scope part of the name , making netbios name hierarchical like dns , but this is seldom used .
the response will have the ip address of the host with that name .
the principles implemented in nbns have been reimplemented many times , including in such systems as zeroconf and mobileip .
the computer establishing the session attempts to make a tcp connection to port ## on the computer with which the session is to be established .
hard core logo is a canadian mockumentary adapted by noel baker from the novel of the same name by author michael turner .
molly parker plays a member of the riot grrrl band jenifur .
several notable punk musicians , including art bergmann , joey shithead and joey ramone , play themselves in cameos .
canadian television personality terry david mulligan also has a cameo , playing a fictionalized version of himself .
macdonald demonstrates the death of punk through the course of events portrayed in the film .
just as transplanting wildflowers guarantees their destruction , the desperation with which lead singer joe dick tries to recapture the glory days of hard core logo literally kills punk .
the circumstances are void of the dynamics which spawn the culture , and to keep a semblance of the spirit alive , joe resorts to incanting the name of his role model , punk demigod , bucky haight .
he did not pursue a lifestyle which showcased benchmark characteristics of the culture , but was rather an individual who lived through the formative circumstances , and was able to translate the experience into music .
in fact , bucky haight has retired to a life of comfortable solitude .
he has matured past punk , and lives on a farm .
he expresses anger toward dick for claiming he has been shot .
to illustrate his lack of sentiment toward the past , he gives hard core logo guitarist , billy tallent , his famous stratocaster , in an offhand way .
it is as if , rather than passing a torch , haight is ridding himself of rubbish , as he communicates clear disdain for tallent when he tells him to keep the guitar .
there are die hards who cannot let go of their affinity for their chaotic days within the culture .
for them , the film may well be a harbinger of things to come .
their inability to adapt to the times very well may end tragically , either in suicide , or commercial franchise .
however , mcdonald did not see logo as a repeat of previous films .
mcdonald had to persuade dillon to do the movie .
hard core logo screened at the cannes film festival .
quentin tarantino saw logo at a film festival and liked it so much that he bought the u .
distribution rights under his rolling thunder vanity label and even toyed with casting dillon in jackie brown .
that album , a tribute to hard core logo , was also released in ## .
even as a diagonal it runs more north than northwest .
originally an indian trail , it ran all the way to green bay , wisconsin .
at addison street it runs next to wrigley field , further to the south it borders lincoln park and at north avenue sits the chicago history museum .
it then turns due south for the remainder of its run as it passes through the near north side , then over the river at the clark street bridge , through the loop where it passes city hall , and on to its termination at cermak road .
it starred ethan embry , cassidy rae , chance quinn , and john de lancie .
the movie was frequently aired in the early days of the sci fi channel and has a small cult following that enjoys its campiness .
most mainstream critics viewed the film as very average and outdated at the time of its release as the era of the cyberpunk movie was largely over .
it was released on action records in the united kingdom in ## , and then on narnack records in the united states , with a slightly altered tracklisting , in ## .
the subtitle is explained by the fact that the tracks were originally scheduled for release under the title country on the click .
the tracks were recorded between december ## and january ## , and mixed , by grant showbiz and jim watts , in february ## .
the release was delayed after a mix appeared on the internet , prompting mark e .
however , the original title still appears on the cd spine .
the american release has a different cover and abbreviates the titles of several tracks , although most are identical to their uk conterparts .
his first position was in ## with the new york state soldiers depot .
later , ward moved to philadelphia , entering the cuban export and import business , and next founded and published the philadelphia grocer .
this led to an offer to manage advertising for household cleaner sapolio soap .
he introduced the use of transit ads for sapolio in almost all public transit vehicles in the country .
he later obtained an exclusive franchise for the advertising facilities on new york city s elevated railway and subway systems .
collector of americana he was president of several corporations and founder of hospital of hope for crippled men .
for the roller coaster at australian amusement park dreamworld , see tower of terror .
it is based upon the television show the twilight zone .
a new tower of terror attraction opened at tokyo disneysea in japan and in ## the walt disney studios in france will open theirs .
the tokyo disneysea version of tower of terror does not have a twilight zone theme .
the ride is themed to resemble the fictional hollywood tower hotel .
the storyline of the ride is that on october ## , ## , the hotel was struck by lightning , transporting an elevator car full of passengers to the twilight zone .
the exterior of the ride resembles an old hotel with a blackened scorch mark across the front of the facade where the lightning destroyed part of the building .
all of the cast members wear a costume that resembles that of a 1930s bellhop .
the ride employs specialized ride technology developed specifically for disney , particularly the ability to move the elevator cab in and out of the drop shaft in the florida version .
the elevator cabs are actually automated vehicles which lock into the elevators .
the cabs move out of their elevators to make the horizontal transit fifth dimension scene to the drop shaft .
although the ride is designed to feel like a freefall , the elevator is actually accelerated downward faster than the pull of gravity for extra thrills .
in an effort to be true to the spirit of the twilight zone , disney imagineers reportedly watched every episode of the original television show at least twice .
the attraction buildings are littered with references to twilight zone episodes .
the doors open to reveal a corridor populated by the ghostly occupants from ## , who then disappear .
the elevator doors close and the car begins to rise again .
the stars completely disappear , and they form a vertical line , which splits in half and opens like elevator doors .
at one point , doors in front of the riders will open to reveal a view of the park from a height of ## stories .
other effects were also added , including new projection images of the breaking window , wind effects , and ominous blacklit figures of the five ghostly original riders .
these changes were made to make every trip to the twilight zone a different experience .
after a series of these drops have been made , the ride vehicle returns to the basement of the decrepit hollywood tower hotel .
the first difference is that the elevator pushes backwards away from the elevator door while a starfield appears around it .
a door closes , placing riders in darkness as the elevator rises .
the first stop of the elevator is in front of a large mirror .
as they do , electricity begins to arc around the mirror and the reflection of the riders is replaced by a ghostly image .
the elevator shudders as the door closes and the elevator moves to its next stop , a corridor of the hotel , similar to the one in florida .
the facade is more gothic in architecture , and is located in the american waterfront area of the park , opposite the s .
unlike its american cousins , the paris version is being constructed using concrete rather than steel , this is one of the few details of the ride that differ from its californian counterpart upon completion .
the use of concrete in the construction instead of steel was a choice of the management of disneyland paris , this choice was made because of the low cost of concrete in construction of the structure compared to a steel support structure which was more expensive .
for halloween ## , the tower of terror received decorations and minor enhancements .
items include halloween decorations in the hotel lobby , items surrounding the exterior of the building and a selection of cast members in period costume including a reporter , a janitor and a pair of 1930s los angeles citizens .
placed on the register of historic places by the u .
he performed under various pseudonyms , moving from city to city , spending much of his time in new orleans .
in the years leading up to his death , barry lived in newport , rhode island and then settled in new orleans , playing in bars and local venues , and recording new material with a group he called us1 .
he reconnected with family and fans and was reportedly attempting to become sober when hurricane katrina hit the city in august ## .
his death was ruled a drowning as a result of floodwaters from the hurricane .
entertainment , monday , january ## , ## , p .
crossings is an original novel based on the u .
while at the theater for a star trek marathon with anya , xander recognizes a friend of his , from the arcade , enter the theater and begin threatening and beating humans in a very demonic way .
upon further inspection , xander learns that his friend , robby , was involved in total immersion vr video game beta testing .
some fans consider them stories from the imaginations of authors and artists , while other fans consider them as taking place in an alternative fictional reality .
new zealand is a constitutional monarchy and a commonwealth realm , with queen elizabeth ii as its reigning monarch , since february ## , ## .
as such she is the de jure head of state , though she does hold several powers that are hers alone , while the governor general is sometimes referred to as the de facto head of state .
one of the most complicated features of the new zealand monarchy is that it is in fact a shared monarchy .
sixteen of these countries are specifically commonwealth realms who recognise the same sovereign , separately , as their head of state .
some examples are conferring new zealand honours while in the united kingdom .
though this title does not imply any political power over member nations and does not automatically belong to the monarch , only the shared monarch of the commonwealth realms has ever held the title .
the monarchy thus ceased to legally be an exclusively british institution .
on all matters of the new zealand state , the monarch is advised solely by new zealand ministers .
no british or other realm government can advise the monarch on any matters pertinent to new zealand .
some examples are conferring new zealand honours while in the united kingdom .
though this title , does not imply any political power over member nations , and does not automatically belong to the monarch , only the shared monarch of the commonwealth realms has ever held this title .
contrary to common misconception , new zealanders do not pay any monies to the queen , either for personal income or to support the royal residences outside of new zealand .
only when the queen is in new zealand , or acting abroad as queen of new zealand , does any new zealand government support her in the performance of her duties .
this rule applies equally to other members of the royal family .
this means that whoever is head of state of the united kingdom under the act of settlement ## shall be head of state of new zealand .
the queen has formally opened parliament from the old legislative council chamber on five occasions , in january ## , february ## , march ## , february ## and february ## .
on each occasion the royal standard was flown from the central flag pole while the queen was in parliament house .
at one time the monarchy was considered a purely british institution , when most new zealanders still continued to be both legally , and by personal view , british subjects .
however , paralleling the changes in constitutional law , and the evolution of new zealand nationalism , the cultural role of the monarchy in new zealand altered .
references to the monarchy are commonplace in public life in new zealand .
her portrait is still found in some government buildings , military installations , and schools .
as such , only she can approve the creation of an honour , which she does as requested by the government of new zealand .
the queen regularly undertakes tours of new zealand to celebrate new zealand culture , milestone anniversaries , military remembrances , etc .
further , other members of the royal family tour new zealand either on official state duties , or at the request of charitable organizations , military regiments , and the like .
for example , princess anne visited in ## to commemorate the 75th annivesary of the gallipoli landings on anzac day , and prince william visited in ## , representing the queen of new zealand at ve and vj day commemorations .
the earl of wessex , who also visited in ## , with the queen , to open the commonwealth games , spent two terms as a house tutor and junior master at the collegiate school , in wanganui , in ## .
prince william began his first official visit to new zealand on june ## , ## , staying in the country for an ## day tour .
while there he laid a wreath at the national war memorial to mark the end of the second world war , and met with war veterans .
william also attended an all blacks practice , lunched with them , and watched a match against the british and irish lions .
the prince controversially supported the lions , despite being heir to the crowns of both britain and new zealand .
he then visited an elementary school in arrowtown , and later represented his mother at a wreath laying ceremony in auckland .
the oath taker places their allegiance to the continuing state , its laws , etc .
as the legal personality of the state , the monarch has obligations to the oath taker .
in addition the monarch also serves as a symbol of the legitimacy of courts of justice , and of their judicial authority .
an image of the queen or the coat of arms of new zealand is always displayed in new zealand courtrooms .
the treaty , signed between over five hundred m ori chiefs and the then british crown , is often viewed today as an agreement directly between the indigenous peoples and the new zealand government .
the queen wears this cloak , and also speaks partly in m ori , when attending a p whiri or m ori welcoming ceremony .
following the signing of the treaty of waitangi , a number of petitions were made by m ori directly to the crown in london .
the first such petition occurred in ## by northern chiefs , but was referred back to the new zealand government .
m ori felt they had a special relationship with their treaty partner , queen victoria , in person , but in this case they met instead with lord derby at the colonial office who referred the petition back to the new zealand government , on the grounds that the imperial government no longer had responsibility for such matters .
in ## , a group of wanganui m ori unsuccessfully petitioned the queen over their claims for the whanganui river .
in response , m ori activist dun mihaka offered a traditional rebuke by baring his buttocks at the queen .
the crown retains a prominent place within the new zealand defence force , which consists of the new zealand army , royal new zealand air force , and royal new zealand navy .
this means total and unconditional loyalty to the new zealand government and the crown .
this reaffirmation of loyalty to the sovereign , as head of state , also ensures that the loyalty of servicemen and women as serving members of the armed services , regardless of their personal political beliefs , is not given to any one political party , but to the country in the form of the head of state .
members of the royal family have presided over many military ceremonies , including trooping of the colours , inspections of the troops , and anniversaries of key battles .
whenever her majesty is in wellington she lays a wreath at the new zealand war memorial .
the duke of edinburgh and the prince of wales have served in the royal navy .
the prince of wales also trained in the royal air force as a pilot .
prince william and prince harry have both undergone army officer training at sandhurst .
the duke of york served for over twenty years as an officer in the royal navy before leaving the service in ## .
he is the most recent member of the royal family to see active service .
members of the royal family in the direct line of succession owe allegiance to the sovereign in right of new zealand .
as such , they are new zealand subjects , although not strictly new zealand citizens , and thus do not have an automatic right of abode in new zealand .
the current new zealand royal family are members of the house of windsor .
thus all the members of the new zealand royal family also comprise the british royal family .
in ## , with growing lawlessness amongst traders and settlers , the british government appointed james busby as british resident to protect british trading interests .
in ## , the british government sent captain william hobson to new zealand as lieutenant governor , to acquire the sovereignty of new zealand , by way of a treaty with the native m ori chiefs .
the treaty of waitangi was signed on ## february ## , at waitangi in the bay of islands .
over five hundred m ori chiefs signed the treaty as it was taken around the country during the next eight months .
in ## , new zealand achieved the status of dominion , which meant it was a country of the british empire and later the commonwealth of nations , with autonomy in domestic and foreign affairs .
the term fell into disuse after the second world war .
the statute of westminster in ## , an act of the british parliament , gave legal form to this declaration .
it gave new zealand and other dominions the authority to make their own laws .
new zealand ratified the statute in ## , after the passing of the statute of westminster adoption act ## .
a personal flag for use by the queen in new zealand was adopted in ## .
it features the shield design of the new zealand coat of arms in the form of an oblong or square .
superimposed in the centre is a dark blue roundel bearing an initial e surmounted by a royal crown within a gold chaplet of roses .
each can , in general , exercise all the powers of the other .
unlike in australia , where republican sentiment has been stronger , there is little agitation for ending the role of the monarchy in new zealand .
there was some reduction in support for the monarchy during the 1990s .
with the popularity of the current monarch , and the position of the treaty of waitangi under a republic remaining a concern to many m ori and other new zealanders alike , as well as the question of what constitutional form a republic might take unresolved , support for becoming a republic is still the view of only around a third of the population .
to receive royal patronage , an organisation must prove to be long lasting , and to be of the highest standard in their field .
these organisations such as the royal new zealand returned and services association , have received patronage from various monarchs and their families .
because there are so many fritos compared to the amount of chili , only part of the fritos will get saturated by the chili , and most will stay at least partly crunchy .
it claims that daisy dean doolin came up with the frito pie sometime after creating the first frito chip .
mentions of the frito pie are nearly as old as the company itself which was founded in ## .
another of the stories claims that the frito pie originated in the 1960s with teresa hernandez , who worked at the f .
eating it became such a tradition that around ## , when that woolworth store closed , locals organized to keep the lunch business open .
however , frito pie has been a popular dish in texas for generations , evidenced by menus and by the presence of many frito pie recipes online and in cookbooks which mention having had the food growing up in texas .
the corn chips have been available in the san antonio area since before ## .
it is no longer common to use the split bag , as the packaging material has changed , leaving the bag less insulated against heat .
in texas it is a staple of most bingo games .
as of ## december ## , it had a population of ## , ## and an area of ## .
like all other wrestling events , it was open only to men .
nova city is nova taipa gardens property development project phase ii , it located in taipa , macau .
he has been recognized worldwide for his numerous cultural actions and publications .
fydrych was born in toru , poland on april ## , ## .
he is a graduate of history and history of art at the university of wroclaw .
fydrych began his independent public activity in the 1970s .
at the time of the communist regime , when fydrych was called upon to fulfill his military service obligation , he appeared before the army commission dressed in a uniform of a major .
unwilling to enter the army , he pretended the opposite , simulating madness .
fydrych , alongside a group of students , participated in the orange revolution in ukraine organizing events in poland and ukraine .
in ## , fydrych presented himself in elections to the post of the mayor of the city of warsaw .
the klaip da revolt took place during january ## in the memel territory that had been detached from germany after world war i .
the status of the region as a mandated territory under temporary french administration was resolved after the event when it became part of lithuania as klaip da region .
the part of lithuania minor south of the memel river remained within east prussia , which made the fight for independence difficult in that area .
in a census of ## , a fragile ## .
the german language remained dominant in local government , despite the fact that the region was no longer part of germany .
another reason for the revolt was the emergence of the new and independent republic of lithuania .
it lacked a sea port and having one was seen as a matter of vital importance to lithuania so it could control its own exports and imports and have access to the sea .
poland had its own ambitions over the klaip da region and sought to assert control over the region in exchange for danzig .
after world war i , the polish corridor provided access to the baltic sea , but the free city of danzig was not granted to poland , as the poles had wanted .
in addition , poland and lithuania did not have diplomatic relations during this interwar period , due to the dispute over the vilnius region , and were at odds with one another .
before the revolt , the fate of the memel territory was to be decided by the league of nations .
the decision was made to extend the mandate , which was approaching the end of its designated time frame , for another ## years .
this effectively ruled out the possibility of uniting the region to lithuania .
the newly formed soviet russia , was against the idea of a free city , and requested that their interests be taken into account as well , when the question was considered .
the soviet army near minsk was reinforced when they concluded that poland might use force to achieve a favorable outcome for themselves , regarding the region .
the official purpose of this organization was to organize the inhabitants of the memel territory into a single force , and become part of lithuania .
they supported linguistic , national , and cultural activities of lithuanians in lithuania minor .
they also wanted to garner support from their brethren who lived in lithuania , and from lithuanians who lived in foreign countries as well .
the supreme salvation committee of lithuania minor issued a manifesto to the french soldiers stationed in the region , in which it repeated the principles that had been expressed in the act of tilsit and asked the soldiers not to interfere .
these volunteers used the national flag of lithuania minor as their flag as well , showing solidarity with the cause of the lithuanians of lithuania minor .
the plan for the revolt was created by j .
at the same time , the french supreme commissioner pestin declared that he would fight against any attempts to change the status of memel territory .
the leaders of the revolt told pestin that the actions were meant to overthrow the directory and not to fight the french soldiers , however the leader of the french soldiers said that the insurgents would not be permitted to enter memel .
trouson , a member of the french military mission in poland .
his task was to put down the revolt , but after seeing that the klaip da region already had been overtaken , and the french troops interned , the ship departed .
lithuania accepted this , and thus the klaip da region became an autonomous part of lithuania .
he said , however , that the lithuanian consul in klaip da would do everything possible to try to ensure that no civilians would be hurt .
after winning his freedom in a podrace , anakin reluctantly leaves his mother behind on tatooine .
palpatine amasses near dictatorial emergency powers in response to the supposed threat , and starts a clone army for the republic with which to fight the separatists .
the two eventually fall in love , even though such an emotional attachment is forbidden to jedi .
the clone wars break out soon afterward in a battle on the planet geonosis , during which anakin loses his right arm in a lightsaber duel with dooku .
he is plagued by visions of her death in childbirth , and vows to do anything to save her .
palpatine uses his fear to lure him to the dark side , telling him he can learn the ability to stop death .
he eventually reveals himself to anakin as none other than darth sidious .
during the confrontation , palpatine kills all but windu , and engages the jedi master in a fierce lightsaber duel .
anakin intervenes at the last moment out of his fear that he should lose any chance of saving his wife , giving palpatine the opportunity to kill windu .
anakin then pledges himself to the dark side and becomes the sith lord darth vader .
this allows palpatine to seize absolute power , and transform the republic into the oppressive galactic empire .
anakin rolls down the embankment to the edge of the river of lava , and nearly burns to death .
palpatine rescues anakin and revives him with a life support suit of black body armor and cybernetic limbs .
the remaining jedi go into hiding , biding their time to challenge the empire and the sith .
the first two films were generally commended for their visual effects , but the acting and screenwriting featured in them were panned .
a few critics speculated that the film was meant as a critique of george w .
jambo openoffice is an open source office suite based on openoffice .
org written for swahili speakers and run on linux .
created by kilinux it was released in december ## as jamboo .
the mouth of the harbour is guarded by a small chain of islands .
the video was shot in the grand open spaces of broken hill , new south wales .
by the time pluto was discovered in february ## , ketakar had suffered a severe paralytic stroke and died soon after .
neptune itself had been discovered because it disturbed the orbit of uranus .
ketakar published his calculations in the may ## issue of bulletin of the astronomical society of france .
## degrees and that its mean daily movement was ## .
ketakar also postulated the existence of another planet beyond brahma at ## .
no such planet has been discovered and its existence is very doubtful .
on february ## , ## , clyde tombaugh actually discovered pluto after analyzing thousands of photographs of the night sky .
it was found in the zodiacal constellation of gemini at a heliocentric longitude of ## .
soon it was known that its mean daily motion , orbital period and mean distance from the sun were ## .
these values are very close to what ketakar had calculated .
pickering and lowell estimated it to be ## and ## degrees respectively .
## degree which accords very well with the actual value of ## .
in an ironic footnote to the history of the search for pluto , modern measurements show that there are , in fact , no perturbations in the orbit of neptune .
nineteenth century astronomers had erroneously ascribed a wrong value to the mass of neptune , hence had thought that neptune was being pulled by the gravity of a planet beyond it .
tovomita is a plant genus of the family clusiaceae .
there are about ## species , found in tropical america , ## of which are in venezuela .
during september of ## , the village suffered numerous cases of rape and murder at the hands of the besi merah putih militia .
a campfire is a fire lit at a campsite , usually in a fire ring .
campfires are a popular feature of camping , particularly among organized campers such as scouts or guides .
a certain degree of skill is needed to properly build a campfire , to keep it going , and to see that it is properly extinguished .
dead leaves or pine needles on the ground may ignite from direct contact with burning wood , or from thermal radiation .
this latter threat is less likely , but a fire in a branch will be virtually impossible to put out without firefighting equipment , and may spread more quickly than a ground fire .
hence , many campgrounds include fire rings to prevent this from occurring .
embers may simply fall off of logs and be carried away by the air , or they may be ejected at high speed by exploding pockets of sap .
with these dangers in mind , some places prohibit all open fires , particularly during times of the year that are prone to wildfires .
even in safer times , it is common to require registration and permits to build a campfire .
such areas are often kept under observation by rangers , who will dispatch someone to investigate any unidentified plume of smoke .
ideally , every fire should be lit in a fire ring .
if a fire ring is not available , a temporary fire site may be constructed .
one way is to cover the ground with sand , or other soil mostly free of flammable organic material , to a depth of a few centimeters .
sand piles should be scattered after the fire has been put out .
if the topsoil is moist , it may suffice to simply clear it of any dead plant matter .
fire rings , however , do not fully protect material on the ground from catching fire .
flying embers are still a threat , and the fire ring may become hot enough to ignite material in contact with it .
generally , one must simply stand away from the ring to prevent injury .
no fire should be lit close to trees , tents or other fire hazards .
in addition , a fire may harm any roots under it , even if they are protected by a thin layer of soil .
conifers run a greater risk of root damage , because they lack taproots and their roots run close to the surface .
fires also should not be lit on bare rocks .
it will cause the outer layer of the rock to expand , possibly causing it to crack .
it may also boil pockets of water contained in the rock .
an additional safety measure is to have sand and water on hand to smother and douse the fire if it does get out of the fire pit .
it is wise to gather these materials before they are actually needed .
tinder is anything that can be lit with a match .
kindling is an arbitrary classification including anything bigger than tinder but smaller than fuelwood .
in fact , there are gradations of kindling , from sticks thinner than a finger to those as thick as a wrist .
a quantity of kindling sufficient to fill a hat may be enough , but more is better .
timber ranges from small logs two or three inches across to larger logs that can burn for hours .
it is typically difficult to gather without a hatchet or other cutting tool .
in heavily used campsites , fuelwood can be hard to find , so it may have to be brought from home or purchased at a nearby store .
the gathering of fuel in natural areas is often restricted .
a good design is very important in the early stages of a fire .
first , the tinder is piled up in a compact heap .
the smaller kindling is arranged around it , like the poles of a tipi .
for added strength , it may be possible to lash some of the sticks together .
a tripod lashing is quite difficult to execute with small sticks , so a clove hitch should suffice .
a separate tipi as a shell around the first one may work better .
tipi fires are excellent for producing heat to keep you warm .
then , a long , thick piece of kindling is driven into the ground at an angle , so that it overhangs the tinder pile .
the smaller pieces of kindling are leaned against the big stick so that the tinder is enclosed between them .
the kindling is then stacked around it , as in the construction of a log cabin .
the first two kindling sticks are laid parallel to each other , on opposite sides of the tinder pile .
the second pair is laid on top of the first , at right angles to it , and also on opposite sides of the tinder .
the smallest kindling is placed over the top of the assembly .
a variation on the log cabin starts with two pieces of fuelwood with a pile of tinder between them , and small kindling laid over the tops of the logs , above the tinder .
the tinder is lit , and the kindling is allowed to catch fire .
when it is burning briskly , it is broken and pushed down into the consumed tinder , and the larger kindling is placed over the top of the logs .
when that is burning well , it is also pushed down .
eventually , a pile of kindling should be burning between two pieces of fuelwood .
another variation is called the funeral pyre method because it is used for building funeral pyres .
its main difference from the standard log cabin is that it starts with thin pieces and moves up to thick pieces .
once the kindling is going strong , alternating perpendicular layers of fuelwood are placed across the two base pieces .
this type of fire is excellent for producing coals for cooking .
the large round area is used to build a fire in order to create coals .
as coals develop , they are scraped into the rectangular area used for cooking .
the small tipi is lighted on top , and the coals eventually fall down into the log cabin .
they burn very predictably , and with some practice a builder can estimate how long they will last .
the fire burns from the top down , with the layer of hot coals and burning stubs ignighting the next layer down .
once the fire is built , the next step is to light the tinder , using either an ignition device such as a match or a lighter .
the tinder will burn brightly , but be reduced to glowing embers within half a minute .
rain will , of course , douse a fire , but a combination of wind and fog also has a stifling effect .
metal fire rings generally do a good job of keeping out wind , but some of them are so high as to impede the circulation of oxygen in a small fire .
to make matters worse , these tall fire rings also make it very difficult to blow on the fire properly .
steady , forceful blowing may be in order for a small fire in an enclosed space that has mysteriously slowed down , but blowing may extinguish a fire if it is done abruptly or when it is not needed .
once the large kindling is burning , all of the kindling should be put on the fire , save for one piece at least a foot long .
this piece is useful later to push pieces of fuelwood where they are needed .
however , portable stoves have all but replaced campfires in this regard .
other practical , though not commonly needed , applications for campfires include drying wet clothing , alleviating hypothermia , and distress signaling .
most campfires , though , are lit exclusively for recreation .
songs are also usually sung by the fire , a tradition that is usually associated with scouting .
another traditional campfire activity involves impaling marshmallows on sticks or uncoiled coat hangers , and roasting them over the fire .
the campfire ash tradition exists in scouting all over the world .
there may be an introduction and closing to it at the end of a campfire ceremony or individuals may partake of this tradition on their own .
he would mix the ashes of the old fire with the new one .
as this tradition has spread , scouts from around the world have shared campfires and ashes with each other .
lists have been kept of the events where they have been shared .
these ashes represent the friendship and scouting spirit shared by scouts and guides at campfires around the world .
any number of accidents might occur in the absence of people , leading to property damage , personal injury or possibly a wildfire .
ash is a very good insulator , so embers left overnight will only lose a fraction of their heat .
large amounts of water are indispensable for extinguishing a fire .
to properly cool a fire , water should be splashed on all the embers , including places that are not glowing red .
splashing the water is both more effective and efficient in extinguishing the fire .
the water will boil violently and carry ash in the air with it , dirtying anything nearby but not posing a safety hazard .
the water should be poured until the hissing noises stop .
a fire is fully extinguished if the ashes are cool to the touch .
if water is scarce , sand may be used .
the sand will deprive the fire of oxygen quite well , but it is much less effective than water at absorbing heat .
once the fire has been covered thoroughly with sand , all water that can be spared should be poured on it , and the sand stirred into the ash .
he also served as the chairman of the rand corporation from ## until ## .
paley , stanton is credited with the significant growth of cbs into a communications powerhouse .
he was also known for his keen sense of corporate style .
stanton was born in muskegon , michigan and attended high school in dayton , ohio .
he then attended ohio wesleyan university in delaware , ohio , receiving a b .
he taught for one year in the manual arts department of a high school in dayton , and then attended ohio state university , from where he received his ph .
he also held a diploma from the american board of professional psychology .
during world war ii , he consulted for the office of war information , the secretary of war and the department of the navy , while serving as a vice president at cbs .
stanton organized the first televised presidential debate in american history .
the reason that section ## needed to be suspended was because it stated that equal air time must be given to all the candidates .
the first debate was held and televised in the cbs studio in chicago , with candidates john f .
after the debate , stanton met with richard j .
daley , the mayor of chicago , who decided that after seeing the debate he would tell his men to go all out for kennedy .
the debates , however , ceased after the ## election , as lyndon b .
johnson avoided debating in ## , and nixon , widely perceived to have made a poor impression on television viewers in ## , declined to debate in ## and in ## .
thus televised presidential debates did not resume until ## , when incumbent president gerald ford , perceiving he was behind in the polls , agreed to debate challenger jimmy carter .
stanton was revered both as a spokesman for the broadcast industry before congress , and his passionate support of broadcast journalism and journalists .
a few months later , in an october ## speech before the same rtnda that murrow had addressed in ## , stanton promised there would be no repeat of the program deceptions embodied by the quiz show scandals .
the confrontation raised the issue of whether television news programming deserved protection under the first amendment .
against threat of jail , stanton refused the subpoena from the house commerce committee ordering him to provide copies of the outtakes and scripts from the documentary .
he claimed that such materials are protected by the freedom of the press guaranteed by the first amendment .
also in ## , stanton created an office to review the political leanings of cbs employees during the blacklist maintained by the tv networks .
frank stanton , a central figure in the development of television broadcasting in the united states and the industry s most articulate and persuasive spokesman during his nearly three decades as president of cbs , died sunday afternoon at his home in boston , elizabeth allison , a longtime friend , said today .
he was ## and had been in declining health , she said .
she was born at talbingo , new south wales and grew up in the brindabella valley .
franklin is best known for my brilliant career , the story of an irrepressible teenage feminist growing to womanhood in rural new south wales .
this heroine , sybylla melvyn , is one of the most endearing characters in australian literature and obviously has much in common with franklin herself , who wrote the novel while she was still a teenager .
after its publication in ## , franklin tried a career in nursing , and then as a housemaid in sydney and melbourne .
the book proved too hot to publish and would not become available to the public until ## .
during that decade she wrote several historical novels of the australian bush .
in her will she bequeathed her estate to establish an annual literary award known as the miles franklin award .
although finely acted and with gorgeous cinematography , the film failed to fully capture sybylla as a comic type thanks to limitations in the script .
nevertheless it has probably guaranteed that the novel on which it is based will now remain in print indefinitely throughout the english speaking world .
she also had a school named after her , miles franklin primary school , which is in evatt in the act .
every year there they have a day to celebrate her and they have a writing competition to go with the day .
she started training in gymnastics and dance at the age of eight , and was on her high school cheerleading squad , as well as soccer and diving teams .
her parents and younger brother passed away in ## in an airplane accident that left mccoy the only survivor .
mccoy moved to los angeles to pursue a career in hollywood after graduating college .
she has had many small film roles as an actress and dancer , and also starred in several national commercials .
she was a cheerleader for the los angeles lakers in the ## ## season .
the title of master drummer is given to a drummer who is recognized by other masters for his high degree of skill and knowledge in african drumming .
the title itself is very much respected in the culture where it originates .
it is a title that it is passed down from a master to his pupil , after he has learned all there is to know about the african drum .
in general , a master drummer has devoted his whole life to the drum .
he is able to play any part of any rhythm for his ethnic group and neighboring ethnic groups , in any ceremonial situation .
he also knows the songs and dances that go with each rhythm .
all models were available in both coupe and cabriolet form .
the plains can be divided into two broad areas .
these two areas are separated by the uplands of the hokonui hills , which lie to the west of gore .
the northwestern area lies to the north of the city of invercargill , and is formed by several large rivers , the aparima , the oreti , and the makarewa .
they stretch inland for over ## kilometres from the coast of the foveaux strait , and cover an area of close to ## km2 .
to the northeast of invercargill , the plains of the mataura river and its tributary the waimea river stretch inland as far as the town of gore .
at their southern extreme they become the awarua plain , a large area of marshy land which stretches from near bluff to the foot of the catlins in the far east .
between them , the lowlands around the awarua plain and mataura river cover a further ## km2 .
four seasons is a solitaire card game which is played with a deck of playing cards .
it is given the more appropriate alternate names of corner card and vanishing cross because of where the foundations are placed and the arrangement of the tableau respectively .
a sixth card is dealt in the upper left corner of the cross .
this card will be the base for the first of four foundations .
the three cards of the same rank are placed in the other three corners of the cross to become the foundations themselves .
aces are placed above kings , except when aces are the foundation bases .
cards in the cross are built down regardless of suit and any space in the cross is filled with any available card , whether it is the top card of a pile within the cross , the top card of the wastepile , or a card from the stock .
kings are placed over aces , unless aces are the foundations .
only one card can be moved at a time .
whenever the game goes on a standstill , the stock is dealt one card at a time into the wastepile , the top card of which is available for play on the cross or on the foundations .
the game ends when goes on another standstill after the stock has run out .
the game is won when all cards end up in the foundations .
in corners , the cross is in fact a reserve , not a tableau , and each space is a cell , which should have room for only one card .
empty cells in this game are filled immediately from the stock .
the thirteenth card deal becomes the base of the first formation .
also , building in the tableau is down by alternating colors .
the memorial centre has a large ice pad , outdoor pool , softball diamonds and a cinder track , and is home to the kingston frontenacs ice hockey team .
in may ## kingston city council announced that they would be building a new downtown arena to replace the memorial centre .
the city hopes to have the new building finished by december ## .
piccadilly circus is the name of a japanese band on the sony music label .
this article is about the jazz composer george russell .
surrounded by the music of the black church and the big bands which played on the ohio riverboats , and with a father who was a music educator at oberlin college , he started playing drums with the boy scouts , receiving a scholarship to wilberforce university , where he joined the collegians , a band noted as a breeding ground for great jazz musicians including ben webster , coleman hawkins , and benny carter .
russell served in that band at the same time as another noted jazz composer , ernie wilkins .
when called up for the draft at the beginning of world war ii , he was quickly hospitalized with tuberculosis , where he was taught the fundamentals of music theory by a fellow patient .
while working on the theory , russell was also applying its principles to composition .
russell began playing piano , leading a series of groups which included bill evans , art farmer , hal mccusick , barry galbraith , milt hinton , paul motian , and others .
he was to record a number of impressive albums over the next several years , sometimes as primary pianist .
at the end of the decade , russell formed his own sextet .
between ## and ## , the russell sextet featured musicians like don cherry , sheila jordan , david baker , and steve swallow .
in ## , russell toured europe with his sextet and stayed on to live in scandinavia for the next five years .
through the early 1970s , russell did most of his work in norway and sweden .
the electronic sonata for souls loved by nature , commissioned by bosse broberg of swedish radio to write for the radio orchestra , was first recorded in ## , and was the first extended work to be recorded with electronic tape .
his live in an american time spiral featured many young new york players who would go on to greatness , including tom harrell and ray anderson .
when he was able to form an orchestra for his ## work the african game , he dubbed it the living time orchestra .
the lydian chromatic concept explored the vertical relationship between chords and scales , and was the first codified original theory to come from jazz .
in his career , russell also received the ## national endowment for the arts american jazz master award , two guggenheim fellowships , and the british jazz award , among others .
he has taught throughout the world , and has been guest conductor for german , italian , danish , finnish , norwegian , and swedish radio groups .
the legislative assembly of the province of canada was the legislature for the province of canada , which consisted of the former provinces of lower canada , then known as canada east and later the province of quebec , and upper canada , then known as canada west and later the province of ontario .
it was created by the union act of ## .
canada east and canada west each elected ## members to the assembly .
the second parliament and the first sessions of the third parliament were held in montreal .
on april ## ## , rioters protesting the rebellion losses bill burned the parliament buildings .
the remaining sessions of the third parliament were held in toronto .
subsequent parliaments were held in quebec city and toronto , except for the last session in ## of the eight and final parliament , which was held in ottawa , the capital chosen for the dominion of canada .
limited pressings of the original lp version featured a full color picture book wrapped around the album jacket .
dorapion appears to be a more detailed scorpion , with two large claws , four short legs and what appears to be another claw on its tail .
it has a vicious appearance like gyarados , with a big jaw and menacing teeth .
its whole body is purple and fuschia broken into multiple round segements .
it is able to turn its head around ## degrees , and since its arms are directly attached to its head , it has virtually no blind spots .
dorapion can be obtained by two ways , either by catching it at the safari zone , or by evolving a scorpi at level ## .
its greatest assets are its defense , with a base stat of ## , speed , with a base stat of ## , and attack , with a base stat of ## .
these stats make dorapion a quick and lasting physical sweeper .
side effects as insomnia , anxiety , and tremor occur in some patients .
salbutamol and terbutaline are also both available in oral forms .
in addition , several of these medications are available in intravenous forms including both salbutamol and terbutaline .
it can be used in this form in severe cases of asthma , but more commonly it is used to suppress premature labor because it also relaxes uterine muscle , thereby inhibiting contractions .
the inhulets river takes its source in the dnieper highlands in the proximaty of the city of kirovohrad in the ukrainian province of kirovohrad , about ## km away from the dnieper river itself , with which it flows parallel to .
the inhulets then turns south , where it flows through the dnipropetrovsk , kherson , and mykolaiv oblasts , before finally flowing approx .
## km east of the city of kherson into the dnieper .
while flowing near the city of kryvyi rih , the river is has created many small islands , which have a rich vegetation .
however , the vegetation is impaired by the high level of contamination of the river , due to the nearby mining industry .
important tributaries of the inhulets river are the saksahan and the vysun rivers .
it was established in ## as a school for the members of the then indian aristocracy .
it is situated on a lush ## acre campus with majestic buildings .
instruction is provided on a wide range of subjects .
the institution was first established in ## in the erstwhile princely state of hyderabad due to the initiative of mr .
it was the first residential school catering to the sons of the jagirdars and zamindars in those days .
in ## , the hyderabad public school society was formed with the late dr .
sarvepalli radhakrishnan , former president of india , as the first chairman of the society .
kempe was appointed the first principal of the school .
the school has grown immensely in strength since then and today , it has about ## boys and girls from diverse backgrounds on its rolls .
since its inception in ## , the school celebrated its golden jubilee in december ## and its diamond jubilee in december ## .
the eagle was chosen by the then principal mr .
kempe for its sharpness of vision and its innate ability to soar to great heights .
these words exhort young students to be mentally and physically alert , to be discerning of life and the challenges it has to offer , and to demonstrate sharpness of vision and character to overcome them .
these words were exclusively composed and set to music by the staff members when mr .
today , the school song is sung every monday morning at assembly .
the prefectorial system is a distinctive tradition of the school .
they serve to provide inspiration to the student body , and endeavour to lead it into realms of achievements .
these students are chosen not only based on their academic and leadership skills but also for their sense of integrity and honour .
boys are required to wear khaki shorts till the ninth standard , and senior school boys must wear khaki trousers with their shirts tucked in and a black belt .
the footwear consists of khaki socks and black shoes .
wenshui road is the name of a station on shanghai metro line ## .
this station is part of the northern extension of that line .
the group was formed on march ## , ## , with the merging of red zmaja and tumz together with rappers mc flex and chef sale .
a new member , prota , joined in ## .
edward r laws is a neurosurgeon at the university of virginia in charlottesville , virginia .
he graduated from johns hopkins university and now is a professor at u va .
the show was cancelled after just ## episodes in june ## , though ## episodes in all were produced .
also starring in the movie is maurice patton as ronald mack , pat morita as mr .
the remote system will then demodulate the digital signal from the carrier , decode the tc , and execute it .
she is famous for working in migration issues of hong kong people , especially before handover ## , and overseas chinese .
all four films were made in collaboration with writer alex law .
he is labour member of parliament for hyndburn , and was first elected in ## .
pope is a signatory of the henry jackson society .
the war resulted in the defeat and destruction of kirrha .
in ancient greece , kirrha was a heavily fortified city which controlled access to delphi from the corinthian gulf .
kirrha took advantage of its location to rob and mistreat pilgrims to the delphic oracle , to tax delphi , and to steal land from delphi , land considered sacred to apollo .
the league consulted the oracle for advice on dealing with kirrha , and the reply was a call for total war .
the members of the league vowed to completely destroy kirrha and ravage the surrounding areas .
what transpired after this is a matter of debate .
an asclepiad named nebros advised the allies to poison the water with hellebore .
the hellebore soon rendered the defenders so weak with diarrhea that they were unable to continue resisting the assault .
kirrha was captured and the entire population was slaughtered .
according to frontinus , who wrote in the first century ad , after discovering the pipe , the amphictionic cut it , leading to great thirst within the city .
after a while , they restored the pipe , allowing water to flow into the city .
the desperate kirrhans immediately began drinking the water , unaware that kleisthenes had poisoned it with hellebore .
according to polyaenus , a writer of the second century ad , after the pipe was discovered , the attackers added the hellebore to the spring from which the water came , without ever actually depriving the kirrhans of water .
polyaenus also gave credit for the strategy not to kleisthenes but to general eurylochos , who he claimed advised his allies to gather a large amount of hellebore from anticyra , where it was abundant .
the last major historian to advance a new story of the siege was pausanias , who was active in the second century ad .
solon had hoped to thus defeat the kirrhans by thirst , but the enemy was able to get enough water from their wells and rainwater collection .
solon then added a great quantity of hellebore to the water of the pleistos and let it flow into kirrha .
the poisoning then allowed the allies to destroy the city .
this contrasts with a contract which is implied by actions of the parties .
an implied contract can be either implied in fact or implied in law .
a contract which is implied in fact is one in which the circumstances imply that parties have reached an agreement even though they have not done so expressly .
for example , by going to a doctor for a physical , a patient agrees that he will pay a fair price for the service .
if he refuses to pay after being examined , he has breached a contract implied in fact .
it is often used by journalists when they mean to say oral contract .
when used in this sense , the term is confusing as well as incorrect , since a written contract is also a verbal one .
the gilburt was an english automobile manufactured from ## to ## in kilburn , london .
a striking feature of the album is the cover artwork , which was produced by renowned photographer storm thorgerson , who has also produced artwork for such memorable albums as dark side of the moon by pink floyd and frances the mute by the mars volta .
the photograph is of a distressed man sitting in a room lit by a bare lightbulb .
the girl in red makes other appearances in the artwork .
department of transportation which was first created in ## .
the decoration recognizes those civilians and members of the military who performed heroic deeds and valorous accomplishments in the immediate aftermath of the september ## , ## attacks on the united states of america .
military for general aide and assistance to the victims of the september 11th attacks .
these structures were usually step pyramids with temples on top more akin to the ziggurats of mesopotamia than to the pyramids of ancient egypt .
the aztecs , a people with a rich mythology and cultural heritage , dominated central mexico in the 14th , 15th and 16th centuries .
they were linguistically related to the preceding cultures in the basin of mexico such as the aztecs and the culture of teotihuacan whose building styles they adopted and adapted .
archaeological evidence shows the maya started to build ceremonial architecture approximately ## , ## years ago .
many of these structures featured a top platform upon which a smaller dedicatory building was constructed , associated with a particular maya deity .
maya pyramidic structures occur in a great variety of forms and functions , bounded by regional and period differences .
the teotihuacano civilisation , which flourished from around ## bce to ## ce , at its greatest extent included most of mesoamerica .
the totonac people controlled a sizeable portion of the gulf coast from the 1st century through to the 13th .
this astronomical and ceremonial center was the product of the chalchihuite culture .
this zone is considered an important archaeological center because of the astonishing , accurate functions of the edifications .
in the labyrinth you can appreciate with precision and accuracy , the respective equinoxes and the seasons .
you can appreciate the great quantity of buildings constructed above artificial terraces in the slopes of a hill .
the materials used here include stone slab and clay .
in the most elevated part of the hill is the fortress .
this is composed of a small pyramid and a platform , encircled by a wall thats more than ## mts .
la quemada was occupied from ## to ## a .
their founders and occupants have not been identified with certitude .
the route connected the town of morris with u .
his shoes are noted for their progressive , art deco inspired styles .
the municipality lies at an altitude of ## metres and covers an area of ## .
he moved to vancouver to practice law in ## , and was first elected to the provincial legislature in the ## election as a conservative .
the conservative party was deeply divided and unpopular and the change in leadership did not improve matters .
bowser continued as leader of the opposition until he lost his seat in the ## election .
in ## , he was made count of brescia , parma , piacenza , modena , and bergamo .
he was also made a missus dominicus , along with the brescian bishop ratald , for italy .
in ## , he was instrumental in putting down the rebellion of bernard against the emperor , louis the pious .
in ## , after the abdication and death of duke winiges , suppo was created duke of spoleto by the grateful emperor and he passed brescia to his son mauring .
bylot island lies off the northern end of baffin island in nunavut territory , canada .
there are no permanent settlements on the island , inuit from pond inlet and elsewhere regularly travel to the island .
travel literature of a research trip to bylot island in ## .
she was elected to sejm on september ## , ## getting ## votes in ## lublin district , candidating from liga polskich rodzin list .
the apprentice is a novel written by lewis libby , former chief of staff to u .
vice president dick cheney , and first published in ## .
it is set in northern japan in winter ## , and centers on a group of travelers stranded at a remote inn due to a smallpox epidemic .
libby supposedly spent more than ## years working on the book and finished it in ## .
despite his high office , it attracted scant attention when initially published .
the writer , lauren collins , reported that the novel was rife with sexual deviance of the kind typically denounced by conservatives .
it brimmed with homoeroticism , included scenes of incest , and featured descriptions of many different bodily fluids .
at age ten the madam put the child in a cage with a bear trained to couple with young girls so the girls would be frigid and not fall in love with their patrons .
they fed her through the bars and aroused the bear with a stick when it seemed to lose interest .
gerolakkos is a village near nicosia , the capital of cyprus .
it was a nearly exclusively greek cypriot and relatively large village , and it was the site of intensive fighting during the turkish invasion in ## .
gerolakkos is immediately to the north of the ceasefire line , later known as the green line separating north and south cyprus , in the areas occupied by the turkish military .
austin scott was born in toledo , ohio on august ## , ## , to jeremiah austin scott and sarah remey .
his birth name was frank austin scott , but eventually dropped the use of his first name .
while in germany , he assisted the historian george bancroft , then american minister to germany , in preparing the tenth volume of history of the united states .
he was also charged with the responsibility of carrying dispatches to washington , dc with the decisions of kaiser wilhelm of germany .
on his return to the united states , scott was a german instructor at the university of michigan from ## to ## , and then , for seven years , an associate in history at johns hopkins university .
during this period he continued as assistant to bancroft , assembling and arranging historical material for his history of the constitution of the united states .
ralph voorhees provided funds for the construction of a library to replace the overcrowded one established in the kirkpatrick chapel in ## .
by ## , scott resigned as president and returned to teaching political science , constitutional law , international law and civics .
for sixteen years he carried on his teaching and provided administrative assistance to his successor , william h .
he served as the mayor of new brunswick from ## to ## .
he died in granville , massachusetts in ## at his summer home .
cape verde follows a policy of nonalignment and seeks cooperative relations with all friendly states .
cape verde is actively interested in foreign affairs , especially in africa .
it has bilateral relations with some lusophone nations and holds membership in a number of international organizations .
it also participates in most international conferences on economic and political issues .
records was a daughter record label of motown records .
the removal of personnel or units from area under enemy control .
the removal of personnel or units from areas under enemy control by stealth , deception , surprise , or clandestine means .
exfiltration is also a term used by civil engineers .
together with kazusa , it was also called s sh .
the ancient provincial capital was near modern ichikawa , although in feudal times sakura was a more important center .
shimousa passed through various hands , and at times all or portions of it were ruled by stronger daimyo from musashi or kazusa .
the city was formed on march ## , ## from the merger of the town of ina and the neighboring village of yawara .
villa grove is an unincorporated town and a u .
post office located in saguache county , colorado , united states .
the villa grove post office has the zip code ## .
the town was named for italian revolutionary giuseppe garibaldi .
the garibaldi post office opened on june ## , ## .
plymouth sound is an independent local radio station broadcasting to plymouth in devon , united kingdom .
four months later gcap decided that the sale would not go ahead , essentially because the offers made fell short of their expectations .
## points per game for the nets , and he retired in ## with ## , ## career points .
the revolt was triggered by an attempt by the bishop of transylvania to collect unpaid taxes .
the union ensured that the serfs continued to be excluded from the political and social life of transylvania , although they made up the majority of the population .
betty rollin was first diagnosed with breast cancer in ## , and again in ## , each time losing a breast to the disease .
at around the same time , her mother , ida , was diagnosed with terminal ovarian cancer .
betty helped her mother , ida , end her life in ## .
betty rollin is the author of ## other books , including last wish .
braggadocio is an unincorporated community in pemiscot county , missouri .
atomic mass is the original name of sheffield rock music band def leppard .
during her years of study at the stellenbosch art center , the young artist emerged as one of the most promising artists among her peers .
professors would praise her bold approach to the use of colour and the originality of her compositions that defined her art .
oil on canvas surfaced as her favourite medium whereas her early sketches and paintings were in charcoal , coloured pencil and acrylic paint .
her early work shows a realistic approach to subject matter , while later work seems more inspired by a combination of dutch style baroque boldness and degas style impressionism .
during her travels to europe and north america , she continued to refine her style and training .
examples of her work can be viewed at her website and at the devon gallery , vancouver .
it is a matter of ongoing controversy as to whether there is a direct physical link between emf exposure and the symptoms experienced by sufferers , as no specific test currently exists .
initial reports of es in the medical literature focused on individuals who reported symptoms following work with visual display units .
however , recently in europe as a whole and in the usa , more general and severe symptoms have been reported by a smaller group of people , especially neurological symptoms such as headache , fatigue and tinnitus , and skin symptoms throughout the body .
other authors have noted that people reporting severe es generally have these conditions or have had high levels of use of electrical equipment such as mobile phones .
instead symptoms reflecting almost every part of the body have been attributed to emf exposure .
a minority of people who experience es are severely affected by it .
a questionnaire survey of ## , ## people in california found that the prevalence of es within the sample group was ## .
the group concluded that the differences in prevalence were at least partly due to the differences in available information and media attention around es that exist in different countries .
by definition , individuals who report es believe that emf from common electrical devices can trigger or exacerbate their symptoms .
some sufferers and support groups argue that the situation has become politicised to the extent that the outcomes of studies may have been influenced by the widespread implications that acceptance of such a connection would have on future policy .
a systematic review was published in ## which looked at the results of ## experiments testing the role of emf in causing es .
however , it has proved difficult to show under blind conditions that exposure to emf can trigger these symptoms .
over ## , ## doctors in the eu have now signed this appeal .
no reliable treatment for es is yet known , mainly because the causes of the condition remain unproven .
however , the best evidence currently available suggests that cognitive behavioural therapy is effective for patients who report being hypersensitive to weak emfs .
prevalence of annoyance attributed to electrical equipment and smells in a swedish population , and relationship with subjective health and daily functioning .
levallois p , neutra r , lee g and hristova l .
bergqvist u , vogel e , aringer l , cunningham j , gobba f , leitgeb n , miro l , neubauer g , ruppe i , vecchia p and wadman c .
a report prepared by a european group of experts for the european commission , dg v .
rubin gj , das munshi j and wessely s .
wilen j , johansson a , kalezic n , lyskov e , sandstrom m .
psychophysiological tests and provocation of subjects with mobile phone related symptoms .
regel sj , negovetic s , roosli m , berdinas v , schuderer j , huss a et al .
katajainen , jyrki , and bengt knave , eds .
danish association for the electromagnetically hypersensitive , copenhagen , denmark .
rubin gj , das munshi j and wessely s .
as of ## , the village has an estimated population of ## , ## and a density of ## .
on the ## map of the town site is the name of the surveyor , john herbert wallace .
it has been widely assumed that he is the one the town is named after .
john wallace was also an elder brother of alfred russel wallace , a leading 19th century british naturalist who independently developed a theory of natural selection around the same time as charles darwin .
john wallace had originally come to california for the california gold rush , but was unsuccessful as a miner .
according to the united states census bureau , the cdp has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the cdp .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the cdp the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
none of the population or families were below the poverty line .
the term is also used of substrate interference , i .
the influence exerted by the substratum language on the supplanting language .
for example , gaulish is a substratum of french .
given the cultural , economic and political prestige which latin enjoyed , the gauls eventually abandoned their language in favour of latin , which evolved in this region until eventually it took the form of modern french .
linguistic substrata may be difficult to detect , especially if the substratum language and its nearest relatives are extinct .
the word also has some other uses , referring to something underlying , something supporting .
he joined soon after the conception of the bpp in ## at the age of ## .
on april ## , ## , he was killed by oakland police after a firefight .
the actual events of that night are muddy at best .
different stories from involved parties can be found here .
the black panthers claim he was unarmed , trying to surrender , and killed , while the police claim he was unarmed but trying to escape .
the portapak was the first portable video recording device .
it required a sony cv series vtr to play back the video .
even thought it was clunky and heavy , it was light enough for a single person to carry it around .
they released that demo in cassette , with the band dr .
with this , they obtained more advertising in radios and magazines .
in january of ## dario galvan joined the band , and they started to compose new material to release an album .
they made a presentation gig for buenos aires and opened for the german band kreator .
they did some concerts in buenos aires to present their new material .
after the gig , the drummer , dario galvan , left the band and was replaced with facundo vega .
they did two shows with angra on september of ## .
the tribute was released in october of ## under sleaze records .
the band interpreted wrathchild , running free and judas be my guide .
that was mostly recorded , and mixed at el zoologico studios .
this was released under nems enterprises in argentina , and rock brigade records in brazil .
manifiesto was recorded with holophonic s 3d sound system , made and developed by the engineer roberto zuccarelli .
with this technology , the listener can feel the sound in a special position .
while listening the album with discman you can feel the vocals and the instruments from outside , like in reality .
this technology was utilized by bands and musicians like pink floyd , yes , roger walters , vangelis , steve vai , paul mccartney .
the concerts for the presentation of their new work started in january of ## .
in april , the band played as support for the band moonspell .
in january of ## the drummer dario galvan left the band to start a project of progressive music .
the filming for this movie was done in italy .
it also starred charles borromel as akronas , a wise ruler and teacher who is also called the great one .
it is one of the more popular episodes of the series .
the movie is available in both vhs and dvd formats .
akronas has discovered the geometric nucleus during the course of his research .
the nucleus is a device of incredible power that could be a terrible weapon .
akronas feels that the nucleus must be kept from evil men at all costs .
when he learns that the evil zor and his army are approaching his castle , he asks his daughter mila to bring his former student ator back to help defeat zor .
at last she arrives , and ator uses his medical knowledge to heal her wound .
she then is able to convince him she is the daughter of akronas , and that her father is in terrible danger .
akronas convinces ator to let zor live to face trial , but when ator steps away , zor grabs a sword to threaten ator , and zor is killed by thong .
afterwards , akronas gives the geometric nucleus to ator .
ator tells mila he has to leave , that his life is too dangerous to share with her .
mila says that she knows ator must fight evil where ever it occurs .
ator leaves thong behind to help take care of mila and akronas , and leaves .
he takes the nucleus to a distant land , where he destroys it in a massive nuclear detonation .
cave dwellers did not do well in critical reviews .
critics have pointed to the plot , or lack thereof , continuity errors , one dimensional villains , and stolen sound effects as examples of the problems that existed in the film .
even though the glider was disguised to make it look like it came from that time period , it was still evident that it was a modern glider .
the scenery used during the flight was clearly from stock footage as the castle and surrounding lands was different than that shown on the ground .
at one point , shots of ator hang gliding showed a modern city in the background .
riding on a horse , ator crosses a field .
in the background , tire tracks made by a modern vehicle are clearly visible .
furthermore , the movie seems to be confused as to what time setting and location it takes place in .
later in the film , ator and his companions fight what appear to be samurai warriors from feudal japan .
memories of a catholic girlhood is the autobiography of mary mccarthy that was published in ## .
she also writes where she embellished the material as well and told the story out of sequence .
hoa phat is a vietnamese football club based in hoa phat .
they play in the top division in vietnamese football .
sri seshadri swamigal was born on january 22nd ## in a small village near kanchipuram in south india in the renowned family of kamakoti .
an incident in his childhood reveals the greatness of his power when his mother took him to a temple fair and he touched an idol from a seller who had all the idols sold out like hotcakes , which were not getting sold out earlier .
he was in deep meditation for many days and ants started eating his legs and thighs .
he cleansed ramana off his wounds caused by ants and revealed ramana as the to the world .
unlike ramana , seshadri never stayed in place in tiruvannamalai and preached his teachings .
but , he blessed devotees and help cure their illness with his wonderful touch .
sri seshadri swamigal sometimes when in tiruvannamalai , he used to throw the articles from the shops .
the shops he entered used to do good business on that day and so shopkeepers used to eagerly await his arrival .
to this day , the shops in tiruvannamalai have his photos as a symbol of good luck and prosperity .
federal league park is a former baseball ground located in indianapolis , indiana .
the ground was home to the indianapolis hoosiers of the federal league in ## .
he has had pga tour victories in ## and ## .
global reach is a business initiative to increase the access between a company and their current and potential customers through the use of the internet .
the internet allows the company to market themselves and attract new customers to their website where they can provide product information and better customer service .
customers can place orders electronically , therefore reducing expensive long distant phone calls and postage costs of placing orders , while saving time on behalf of the customer and company .
a company striving to obtain global reach should provide a code of ethics , a company purchasing policy , additional contact information , adequate product information and price .
## is a census division in southern alberta , canada , centred around calgary .
net music countdown is a radio show hosted by david lawrence that counts down the most popular music on the internet over the past week .
the nmc etracks charts are widely considered the official music charts of the internet .
both techtv and cnet use the nmc top ## for their weekly look at net music popularity .
as of ## , the village has an estimated population of ## , ## and the density of ## .
in film theory , narrativity refers to the processes by which a story is both presented by the filmmaker and interpreted by the viewer .
the term must be distinguished from narrative , which refers to the story itself .
narrativity is a common subject of debate in film theory .
in other words , the same story may appear differently to a viewer , depending on their background .
other important aspects explored by film theorists are the factors which distinguish narrativity in film from that of other art forms .
when exploring narrativity in film , several factors must be taken into account .
for example , the order in which the events of the story are presented .
another important facet of narrativity is montage , or the juxtaposition of images .
perhaps most importantly of all , are the images themselves .
the park school of buffalo is an american private country school located north of buffalo , new york in snyder , a hamlet inside the town of amherst in erie county .
roughly speaking , materials can be classified as metals , allowing for good conductivity of electric charges , and as insulators , where conductivity of charges is quickly surpressed .
in some materials , most notably semiconductors , changing their ambient conditions by , e .
applying pressure or gate voltages , one can tune the transport properties from metallic to insulating or vice versa .
these materials are thus useful as controlling devices in electric and electronic circuits .
doping a material can change its internal electronic structure , giving rise to or eliminating band gaps .
disorder in the material composition can lead to anderson localization which prohibits conductivity .
example of an electronic eigenstate at the mit in a system with ## atoms .
each cube indicates by its size the probability to find the electron at the given position .
montreal won their 1st memorial cup , defeating brandon in ## games .
eric appleby , gordon armstrong , matthew benoit , robert bleau , fredrick burchell , mike darling , victor fildes , robert frampton , john hirschfeld , gordon knutson , neale langill , peter larocque , tommy manastersky , dickie moore , william rattay , donald rose , roland rousseau .
no documentary evidence of these coins is known to exist , and it is possible that there are other coins or issues still to be discovered .
a few henry i silver halfpennies have been discovered recently .
the issue is possibly a pattern or trial , but it is obvious that several specimens entered circulation .
two issues , both struck at the london mint , have been discovered recently .
as with all coins of this period , the denomination was not written on the coin , which was worth its weight in silver , thus a halfpenny was half the size and weight of a penny .
all hammered coinage halfpennies tend to be difficult to identify because they were small , often clipped , and in poor condition , and the legends on the coins are often incorrect because of the difficulty in making dies which were small enough for the denomination .
the usual obverse inscription of this reign was edwardus rex an edward king of the english or occasionally on earlier coins edwardus rex king edward or edwardus anglie d or edwardus dei gra r edward by the grace of god king of england .
in ## the weight of the halfpenny was reduced from ## .
the designs are basically continuations of those of the earlier henries , with the obverse legend henric rex angl .
the obverse inscription was changed to read henric di gra rex .
the obverse inscription reads ricard di gra rex , which distinguishes the coins from those of richard ii .
the final issue of halfpennies was produced at the tower mint between ## and ## with the obverse legend being edg rosa sine spina surrounding a rose in the centre of the coin , and the reverse showing civitas london around the royal shield over a cross .
the quality of silver in this final issue of halfpennies was so poor that the coin was often used as a farthing .
from ## onwards , there was a completely different style of coin of a rose on the obverse and a thistle on the reverse .
surprisingly , considering the huge variety of coins of other denominations produced during his reign between ## and ## , hardly any halfpennies were minted during the reign of charles i .
the commonest issue was produced at the tower mint and simply had a rose on both sides of the coin .
the other issue was produced at the aberystwyth mint , and had a rose on one side and plumes on the reverse .
the final silver halfpennies were produced under the auspices of the commonwealth .
## grams and had a diameter of ## ## millimetres .
coins were produced dated ## , ## , and ## .
the corrosion properties of tin mean that very few coins survive in a good state of preservation , not helped by the electrochemical reaction between copper and tin .
## grams , with a diameter of ## ## millimetres .
unusually , the date appears not on the reverse but on the edge of the coin , which has the inscription nvmmorvm famvlvs date a subsidiary coinage .
the coins were produced in ## , ## , and ## .
## grams with ## ## millimetres diameter was reintroduced .
the contract for the new coins stipulated that the copper used should be english and the blanks struck at the mint .
the ## ## coins have the edge inscription nvmmorvm famvlvs date .
for the widowed king william iii , the production of halfpennies continued under the contract granted during the previous reign .
however it soon became apparent that the manufacturers were in breach of contract to save costs , not only were some of the blanks being cast rather than struck , but some of the coins were themselves being cast in one operation .
there were other ways in which the manufacturers were economising on expenses cheap labour was being used , including foreigners some of whom could not spell or punctuate the words they were engraving on the dies .
towards the end of the reign both the workmanship and the design and production of the dies for the copper coinage had sunk to a nadir , which is curious as simultaneously the mint was producing the highest quality work in the five and two guinea pieces which were being produced .
there were further parliamentary attempts to control the glut of coinage later .
## grams , with a diameter of ## ## millimetres .
britannia appears on the reverse with the inscription britannia and the date normally in the exergue beneath britannia .
coins were produced each year between ## and ## .
the halfpennies struck in ## and ## looked slightly odd as they were smaller , thicker and somewhat lighter than the previous issues , weighing ## .
the ## ## issue is known as the dump halfpenny .
for the ## ## issue , the size of the coin was increased to ## ## millimetres , though with the same weight of metal as before .
many genuine coins were melted down and underweight fabrications produced from the molten metal .
it is difficult for those of us who use a modern regulated currency to appreciate the extent to which counterfeiting had debased the currency for long periods of time , counterfeits outnumbered genuine coins .
halfpennies were produced in all years between ## and ## , with the exception of ## .
## grams and had a diameter of ## ## millimetres .
public demand for legal halfpennies soon forced the government to change its mind , and in ## a contract was issued to boulton for him to produce halfpennies and farthings dated ## .
however in the meantime the price of copper had risen , and consequently the weight of the coins was reduced slightly , which resulted in them not being as popular as expected .
## tons of copper was struck into halfpennies by boulton , but the price of copper had risen again and the weight was even less than the ## issue .
after the mint moved from the tower of london to tower hill the production of gold and silver coins took precedence over copper .
the issue of new halfpennies did not happen until ## november ## as a result of a disagreement between the egocentric designer pistrucci and the authorities , which resulted in william wyon being invited to design the coins instead .
the george iv halfpenny was produced between ## and ## , weighed ## .
## grams , with a diameter of ## millimetres .
the bronze coins also featured the denomination half penny on the reverse for the first time , with the date in the exergue beneath britannia .
the reign of king george v produced halfpennies to an unchanged design every year between ## and ## .
unlike some of the pennies of this reign , no halfpennies have mintmarks from provincial mints .
a halfpenny exists for king edward viii , although strictly speaking it is a pattern which would have been awaiting royal approval about the time that the king abdicated in december ## .
the inscription on the obverse reads georgivs vi d g br omn rex f d ind imp until ## , then georgivs vi d g br omn rex fidei def .
there are reported to be slight differences in the reverse the size and positioning of the ship , the inscription half penny and the date under the ship from year to year , but numismatists differ in opinion as to whether this is significant enough to count as a design variation each year , or just one design for the whole reign .
it will also represent one of the potentially largest economical undertakings in the region .
the canadian action party fielded a number of candidates in the ## federal election , none of whom were elected .
he studied biology at concordia university and environmental science at the university of waterloo .
he also stressed the fact that he was not a professional politician .
pottsville high school is a secondary school located in pottsville , arkansas completed in ## and administered by the pottsville school district no .
as of ## , the school principal is mr .
the division of watson is an australian electoral division in the state of new south wales .
it is located in the southern suburbs of sydney , and includes the suburbs of canterbury , belmore , lakemba , roselands , kingsgrove and hurstville .
the division was created at the redistribution of january ## ## , to replace the abolished division of st george and is named after hon john christian watson , the first labor prime minister of australia .
it was first contested at the ## federal election .
it has previously been held by leo mcleay , a former speaker of the australian house of representatives .
in the ## census , the population was recorded as ## , ## .
in the ## census , this showed a ## .
ratoath gives its name to a village , a townland , a parish and to a barony .
the derivation or meaning of the word is uncertain .
these placenames occur in irish manuscripts and scholars say that the writers were referring to ratoath .
evidently they were trying to give a phonetic rendering of a name that was unfamiliar to them .
mruigtuaithe occurs in the book of armagh as the name of one of these places in meath where st patrick founded a church and eoin macneill identifies it as ratoath .
if this is correct it would seem that the second portion of the word comes from the irish word tuath which means a territory belonging to a family or sept .
the barony of ratoath comprises ten parishes and portion of two others viz rathbeggan , dunshaughlin , kilbrew , crickstown , killegand , cookstown , donaghmore , ratoath , and portions of ballymaglasson and trevit .
there is an historical explanation as to how ratoath became a barony .
the normans landed in ireland in ## and captured the danish city of waterford .
henry ii of england arrived in dublin in ## and many of the irish chieftains made their submission to him , i .
, they recognised him as their feudal lord , who gave them the right or title to the lands they held .
in other words , henry applied to ireland the norman or feudal system of land tenure which prevailed on the continent and which the normans introduced into england .
this meant displacing some of the native kings one of whom was the king of meath or tara .
the technical name of this grant was a liberty and it meant that , within his liberty , de lacy s power of jurisdiction was equal to that of the king himself with one reservation , that the king could dispose of church lands anywhere .
the person enjoying such liberal delegation of royal jurisdiction was known as a count and the territory over which he ruled was called a county .
one of the privileges of a count palatinate , such as de lacy in this case , was that he could create barons or inferior lords who held their land from the count .
some time after ## , the son of hugh de lacy , named walter , granted the whole land of rathtowth to his younger brother , hugh .
it is likely that it was this second hugh de lacy who erected that large moat that stands out so prominently adjacent to the catholic church in the village .
the summit commands a view of most of the barony .
it had all the other characteristics of the typical norman fort a keep .
the normans had to defend themselves in a new country that was thinly populated and almost without roads .
they set up their own courts to administer justice and keep the peace .
as in england , the native population in the area made no resistance .
it was not so along the borders where the native kings raided the norman territory just as they raided and were raided by their neighbours .
before long ratoath was well inside the norman territory and it was not necessary for them to build a stone castle for defence such as they erected at duleek , slane , dunshaughlin , etc .
it may have been this hugh de lacy too , that erected the first church in ratoath as the site in the old cemetery was just then right by norman practice .
on the other hand , the fact that s patron is the most holy trinity suggests either as earlier foundation , as the normans usually dedicated their churches to our blessed lady or to one of the saints , or that they borrowed the title from an existing church in the neighbourhood .
as the head or chief centre of a barony , ratoath enjoyed a certain prestige .
the local baron must have lived here at one time .
the courts were held here also and had its manor house where manorial courts were held up until ## .
so , too , ratoath sent representatives to parliament in dublin , not that the ordinary people had any voice in their selection .
it was an example of what was called a rotten borough , belonging to or in the patronage of some family and usually sold to the highest bidder , e .
in ## ratoath was represented by sir marcus croftin and william irwin , was married to mr lowther s daughter of kilrue .
born in kyiv , ukraine , he attended private schools in kyiv and moscow until the russian revolution broke out in ## .
he was imprisoned by the bolsheviks but later escaped to germany , where he received his p .
he joined the manhattan project in ## , replacing seth neddermeyer as head of the implosion department .
under his leadership came the complex explosive lenses needed to compress the plutonium sphere uniformly to achieve critical mass .
a gay lisp is actually not a lisp but refers to stereotypical speech attributes assigned to and sometimes seen in gay males .
these attributes have proven difficult to define and quantify but seem independent of other variables in the phonology of the english language such as accent and register .
a study at stanford university involving a small sample group investigated claims that people can identify gay males by their speech and that these listeners use pitch range and fluctuation in deciding .
this study is representative of others that have failed to find concrete differences in the speech of gay and straight men .
in a similar study of female speakers , it was found that listeners could not tell lesbian speakers from heterosexual speakers .
other studies of lesbian identity do make references to voice use by lesbians typically using lower pitch and more direct communication styles .
experiencing all the individual souls of humanity causes cerebro to stop his evil scheme and literally fade away into oblivion .
houston independent school district was a ## american legal case where students on the houston independent school district in houston , texas sued the school district to prevent the district from teaching evolution and from adopting textbooks that incorporated evolution on the basis that they believed it inhibited their right to free excise of religion and established a state religion in violation the establishment clause of the us constitution .
the court is convinced that the connection is too tenuous a thread on which to base a first amendment complaint .
burge was also playing in dribbling darts alongside the mutton birds .
the mutton birds debut album remained on the charts for over a year .
for their second album , salty , they signed with emi australia .
again the album went platinum in nz but received little notice beyond australia and new zealand .
their third proper cd , envy of angels , was recorded in wales and released in ## worldwide .
it sold typically well in australia and new zealand , and sales increased from those of nature in the rest of the world .
the band now moved to the united kingdom where they would remain based until ## .
as they began touring , david long quit , replaced by chris sheehan .
by ## , alan gregg had decided to leave the band .
he was replaced by tony fisher for their latest cd , rain , steam , and speed which was also released independently .
a greatest hits collection called flock was released in ## .
the group have appeared on many compilations since the inception in new zealand .
the following is a list of these albums that have featured tracks by the headless chickens .
born in north wales , he is also a sign dancer and choreographer .
on christmas eve , ## , the new york world reported their arrival in new york city .
on arrival in new york the sponsor of the contest refused to pay , saying the women had missed their deadline .
helga managed to return to her farm only to find that two of her children had died of diphtheria in her absence .
helga was considered a deserter of her family and was shunned by the norwegian community .
helga went on to become a suffragist and wrote down her story later in her life .
once completed in ## , it will be used mostly for football matches and will host the homes matches of real murcia .
the stadium will have a capacity of ## , ## people .
most species feed on poisonous passiflora vines as larvae , and adults broadcast their acquired toxicity with strong warning colors .
while at manchester polytechnic , he wrote his dissertation about the show .
after graduating , he was taken on by granada television as an archivist in ## .
daran left granada in ## after writing ## episodes of the street and introducing the first gay characters .
he announced on his myspace site in november ## that the series had not been recommissioned .
the second hundred years is a ## short comedy film starring laurel and hardy as convicts making an escape from prison .
cfgo is a canadian radio station , which broadcasts at ## on the am dial in ottawa .
the station broadcasts sports programming , using the brand name the team ## .
the station was launched in ## by confederation broadcasting , with the call letters ckpm .
confederation appealed to the supreme court of canada , who ruled in april , ## that confederation had not had a fair hearing before the crtc .
in ## , majority interest in the station was sold to baton broadcasting .
the station also adopted its current cfgo callsign that year .
the station subsequently changed its callsign to cjbz and its brand name to buzz ## .
it was acquired the following year by chum limited , reverting to its cfgo callsign .
in ## , the station adopted the current team ## brand name .
the station retained its format and brand when chum subsequently folded the network .
the team ## broadcasts a wide variety of sports programming , as well as news and weather , and the station streams fox sports radio at night .
as the official radio station of the ottawa senators , it broadcasts every ottawa senators game live .
hope and glory is a ## film which tells the story of a boy growing up in the blitz in london during world war ii .
his family do not see things in quite the same way as the bombs continue to drop , their will to survive brings them closer together .
the nightly raids do not provide the only drama , however , as his sister falls for a canadian airman and finding her life turned upside down , , soon discovers how valuable family is .
are a football club based in higham ferrers , northamptonshire , england .
the cdp incorporates a large portion of the grounds of the united states air force academy , including the cadet housing facilities .
the cdp population was ## , ## at the u .
according to the united states census bureau , the cdp has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## , ## households , and ## , ## families residing in the cdp .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
there were ## , ## households out of which ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
the unusually low income figures can be explained by the presence of ## , ## air force academy cadets in the community .
hoppy the marvel bunny is a comic book superhero , an anthropomorphic pink rabbit .
hoppy was lampooned in a short featured on the dvd release of the incredibles .
hoppy has powers roughly similar to those of captain marvel .
his patron deities are salamander , hogules , antlers , zebreus , abalone and monkury .
it is the only centre of its kind in the country that specializes in working with adult women survivors of incest and childhood sexual abuse and offers services that are uniquely important to their recovery process .
the foundation was established in august ## on the basis of the prestigious fellowship for population innovations of the john d .
macarthur foundation received by anuja gupta , director of rahi .
the centre is dedicated to providing individual and group services for survivors aimed at their psychological , emotional , sexual and spiritual recovery .
rahi offers its consultation and supervision to other individual and groups working with incest survivors .
it works closely with individuals and organisations interested in starting survivor groups in other parts of the country .
it is involved in conceptualising and planning stages and offers clinical supervision and guidance for the running of the group .
rahi also provides individual supervision to practitioners and other ngos on their incest cases .
michael is the son of jackie gaughan and the owner of a nascar race team .
brendan gaughan his son is the driver for his nascar team .
early on michael showed his interest in racing when he won the ## mint ## race .
his continued interest continues to today with orleans motorsports which he founded in ## .
after many roles in casinos , including various ownership roles , michael opened the barbary coast hotel and casino in ## .
having opened on december ## , ## this was still the most recently opened casino in the las vegas metropolitan area until the red rock station casino opened .
banbridge town is a northern ireland football club playing in the ifa intermediate league .
the club , founded in ## , hails from banbridge , county down and plays its home matches at crystal park .
club colours are red , black , and sky blue .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
according to the united states census bureau , the cdp has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the cdp .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the cdp the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
meriden is a village and civil parish in the solihull borough of the west midlands in england .
it is located midway between birmingham and coventry , approximately ## miles away from birmingham international airport .
the surrounding countryside , known as the meriden gap , forms a narrow green belt between the two cities .
in the ## census , the population of the meriden parish was ## , ## .
it is possibly the site of an iron age field system .
this medieval village cross is a grade ii listed artifact .
recent analysis by the ordnance survey has suggested that the true geographical centre of england is a farm situated some ## kilometres to the northeast , in leicestershire , though most people still credit meriden with the honour .
here the heart of england way long distance path wends its way and fittingly brings the staffordshire heathlands together with the cotswolds and arden forest .
meriden is also home to a memorial to all the cyclists who died in the first world war .
an annual event , at which thousands of cyclists pay their respects to their fallen colleagues and commemorate these deaths , is held in the village .
the memorial was unveiled on ## may ## , in the presence of over ## , ## cyclists .
meriden used to be home to a large triumph motorcycles factory , which moved from coventry during world war ii , but which closed in the early 1980s .
the company is now based in hinckley in leicestershire .
it encompasses approximately ## acres , and is bounded by 1st street northwest , 1st avenue southeast , 2nd street southwest , and 1st avenue southwest .
he later became sheriff of london in ## and lord mayor from ## to ## and was knighted upon his retirement .
it is a blues song and is one of his most famous tracks .
stevie wrote this song for his wife at that time , lenora .
but she thought it was written about a former girlfriend of his , so he wrote another song for her , lenny .
additionally , the case was one of the first to address the denominator problem with regard to regulatory taking .
mahon , owner of surface rights to a parcel of land , et al .
, owner of mining rights to a parcel of land .
in a ## deed , the pennsylvania coal co .
mahon the surface rights to a parcel of land , but retained the mining rights to the land , and mahon accepted any risk from , and waived all claim for damages resulting from , mining below the property .
mahon sued in the court of common pleas to enjoin pennsylvania coal from conducting mining , but the court denied the injunction .
the supreme court of pennsylvania reversed , and granted an injunction .
on the other hand , the damage done by the statute is significant , insofar as it abolishes an estate in land a very valuable estate and a binding contract .
the statute makes prohibitively expensive the mining of coal in these areas , and thereby effectively destroys the right .
the rights of the public to its streets and other property are rights paid for .
if the representatives of the public have been so shortsighted as not to pay for the mining rights of the land as well , there is no authority to grant those rights without compensation .
in this case , the police power applies insofar as the kohler act prohibits a noxious use .
if the noxious use is removed , the restriction will have to be removed .
the fact that the restriction benefits a particular party is irrelevant .
as for the applicability of the law to other properties , especially public properties , notice will not sufficiently protect public safety .
uptown memphis is a neighborhood located near downtown memphis , tennessee .
at one time , elvis presley lived in a small government housing project in this area which has since been renovated into a nicer apartment complex .
partners in the establishing of uptown were robert looney , john and isaac saffarans and e .
streets were paved with cobblestone with granite curbs , and were lined with sycamore trees .
immigrants from germany and ireland moved into the area , as did jewish immigrants from europe .
## s political power players begin to move out .
bars , liquor stores and juke joints tarnish the family friendly atmospheres .
## s racial tensions are at a high due to the sanitation strike and assassination of mlk .
most whites who live in hurt village leave the area .
barry knight was an established premiership referee before a series of poor performances saw him relegated to the football league .
he was the man who sent andy welsh of sunderland afc off against liverpool at anfield in the most bizarre circumstances .
he also was the referee in duty the day which lee bowyer and kieron dyer of newcastle united fought during a match and both were sent off by knight .
dutch nationality law is based primarily on the principle of jus sanguinis .
in other words , citizenship is conferred primarily by birth to a dutch parent , irrespective of place of birth .
a person born on or after ## january ## to a married dutch father or mother , or an unmarried dutch mother , automatically acquires dutch citizenship at birth .
it is irrelevant whether the child is born in the netherlands or in another country .
before ## april ## , an acknowledgement could be given after birth .
before ## , it was generally not possible to acquire dutch citizenship by descent from a dutch mother .
the exception applies to persons born a person born before ## with only a dutch mother , where the person is born in the netherlands and would otherwise be stateless .
the option procedure is a simpler and quicker way of acquiring dutch citizenship compared to naturalisation .
in effect , it is a form of simplified naturalisation .
since the start of this custody the person has been cared for and brought up by this dutch citizen for a period of at least three years and since then has also had a principal place of residence in the netherlands .
## continuous years residence in the netherlands , the dutch antilles or aruba with a valid residence permit .
there are a number of exceptions to this rule .
sufficiently integrated in dutch society and are able to read , write , speak and understand dutch .
this must normally be proved by taking a naturalisation test .
successful completion of an eligible integration course is an alternative .
married to or are the registered partner of a dutch man or woman .
if this is the case , the person can submit an application for naturalisation after ## years of marriage or registered partnership and cohabitation .
in some cases the applicant will instead be able to use the option procedure .
where in order to give up his current nationality the applicant must pay a large sum of money to the authorities in his or her country or fulfil military service obligations .
dutch citizens may lose their citizenship through long residence outside the netherlands , or acquisition of a foreign nationality .
in addition , in some cases it is possible to be deprived of dutch citizenship .
those who were issued a dutch passport or proof of dutch citizenship on or after ## january ## are deemed never to have lost dutch citizenship .
this exemption was put in place on ## february ## .
former citizens who were not issued a dutch passport or proof of dutch citizenship in ## or later were given a limited period of time to acquire dutch citizenship by option .
after ## april ## , dutch citizens with dual nationality may lose their dutch nationality if they reside outside the kingdom of the netherlands or outside the european union for a long period .
the place of birth is irrelevant in this event .
applying for a dutch passport or proof of dutch nationality before ## april ## , i .
the exemption does not apply in the case of acquisition of austrian , belgian , norwegian , danish or luxembourg citizenship .
this is due to the provisions of the convention on the reduction of cases of multiple nationality which the netherlands became party to in ## .
these criteria are similar to the criteria for exemption from loss of dutch citizenship in place since ## april ## .
the moves to restrict dual nationality have been supported by the current government of j .
this policy has always been justified on the basis of strengthening ties to the netherlands of new passport holders .
while balkenende has said that the rest of europe would be following the netherlands example , they re not .
more countries are , in fact , allowing dual nationality or liberalizing laws on the basis of including legal residents into local society .
while balkenende wants people to be part of dutch society with only one passport , immigrants do not seem to share the sentiment .
those becoming dutch were predominantly turkish , moroccan , afghan , surinamese or from the former yugoslavia .
on the other hand , the number of dual nationals in the country has risen from ## , ## in ## to nearly one million now .
the restrictions on dual nationality have not worked at all , and it seems that those asking for it are largely those who qualify for dual nationality under the current law .
immigrants are choosing , in fact , not to become dutch at all , nor do they have heightened loyalty to their country of residence .
in this regard , the policy of the current government towards dutch nationality has to be seen as an abysmal failure .
before independence , dutch citizenship was held by many persons in suriname and indonesia .
in general , those acquiring citizenship of these countries at independence lost their dutch citizenship .
a request for determination of citizenship status should be addressed to the dutch authorities in case of doubt .
figures from the dutch government show that approximately ## , ## people were granted dutch citizenship by naturalisation in the first ## months of ## .
this is ## thousand fewer than in ## and half the number in ## .
a wet season or rainy season is a season in which the average rainfall in a region is significantly increased .
the term green season is also sometimes used as a euphemism by tourist authorities .
these terms are commonly used describing the weather in the tropics .
tropical weather is dominated by the movement of the tropical rain belt , which oscillates from the northern to the southern tropics over the course of the year .
the tropical rain belt lies in the southern hemisphere roughly from october to march , and during this time the southern tropics experience a wet season , in which rain is common .
typically , days start off hot and sunny , with humidity building during the day and culminating in large thunderstorms and torrential rain in the afternoon or evening .
from april to september , the rain belt lies in the northern hemisphere , and the northern tropics experience their wet season .
the rain belt reaches roughly as far north as the tropic of cancer and as far south as the tropic of capricorn .
near these latitudes , there is one wet season and one dry season annually .
on the equator , there are two wet and two dry seasons as the rain belt passes over twice a year , once moving north and once moving south .
between the tropics and the equator , locations may experience a short wet and a long wet season .
local geography may also substantially modify these climate patterns .
he joined the united states army , achieving the rank of captain .
hecksher took part in the normandy invasion , and was wounded in antwerp .
he later became an intelligence officer with the army and interrogated some of the top nazi leaders , including julius streicher .
he joined the oss and in ## became head of its counterintelligence section in berlin .
oxenholme lake district railway station is a railway station in oxenholme , near kendal in cumbria .
the station is situated on the west coast main line and is also the start of the windermere branch line to windermere .
the station serves as a main line connection point for kendal , and is managed by virgin trains .
freedom force vs the third reich is a computer game developed and published by irrational games .
in this sequel to freedom force , the player guides a team of superheroes as they travel back in time and help overthrow nazi germany and its allies during world war ii .
freedom force foils his plot , but on the return trip , the timeline changes and freedom force finds that the axis powers achieved victory in world war ii .
using the disturbance in the timeline to guide them , mentor projects the heroes back in the timestream to battle the villainous blitzkrieg , who created the timeline disturbance , where they meet and team up with heroes of that age .
briefly asserting her original personality , alchemiss prevents herself from ever existing so she cannot become entropy , but suddenly finds herself face to face with a strange being .
virtually the entire cast of characters returns from freedom force , now steady members of the superhero team , their skills and backgrounds intact .
shocked and devastated , he never spoke in his own defense during his trial and was sentenced to die in the electric chair .
tombstone has a hollow , echoing voice and is grim and humorless .
he is reminiscent of the punisher and ghost rider in his determination to wreak vengeance on criminals .
when his obsession caused his true love to leave him , harry threw his lute in frustration , accidentally striking a canister of energy x .
the young woman shielded mustaffa with her own body when she was struck by energy x .
as the tale of the staff of quetzalcoatl , an ancient aztec god , was told , johny became impatient and left his grandfather alone because he was not interested in the past .
he headed for the roof to let some steam out , but a burglar passed by him without being noticed .
suddenly , a gunshot was fired inside the museum , and johny overheard it and went to check it out .
the burglar pushed aside johny with the staff of quetzalcoatl in his possession and without a second thought , johny pursued the burglar to apprehend him , and caught up with the burglar .
as johny and the burglar struggled for the staff , a beam of energy x hit the staff and the burglar , surprised by the beam , released the staff .
as the staff glowed , so did johny , and johny felt the power of energy x and an ancient power .
then , johny glowed with a golden aura and transformed into the quetzalcoatl .
quetzalcoatl then summoned a giant snake and apprehended the burglar .
quetzalcoatl may be present , but johny still exists within him in spirit form .
for the first time ever , the god cried , and a tear drop fell upon the elder , somehow reviving him .
when spade tried to intervene , blitzkrieg paralyzed his legs to keep him out of the way .
shunning the desk job that had kept him from combat , spade equipped himself with guns and gadgets of his own invention and fought the nazi menace as black jack .
at the end of the second game , he return to the 1940s , which he sees as a more peaceful time .
he is vaguely similar to pulp heroes like the avenger .
after she won a gold medal in the ## olympic games in berlin , blitzkrieg brainwashed her .
sabrine became a nazi henchman , arresting resistance fighters in vichy france .
while sabrine was supervising the execution of a group of rebels she had apprehended , one of them began to sing the french national anthem .
when she tried to silence him , she saw the tricolored french flag on his scarf .
this reminder of her beloved country shattered the hold that blitzkrieg held over her .
she became tricolour , dedicated to freeing her homeland from the nazis who had invaded it .
she and bullet seem to be very attracted to each other .
her abilities are based on her fencing skills , including fairly powerful melee attacks and a blinding light from her rapier .
he had no luck , but got his chance at heroics when a nazi spy stumbled onto the set and held charmaine at gunpoint .
hailed as a hero , ace decided to leave hollywood and become the sky king for real .
a huge fan of sky king while growing up , bullet helps his hero alter his jetpack to fly .
his manner of speaking is similar to that of jimmy stewart , hollywood actor and air force pilot .
nuclear winter travels in time to launch missiles from the cuban missile crisis in an effort to start a nuclear war between the united states and the ussr .
after his plan was foiled , he further mutated into an ice giant before being stopped by freedom force .
she disappears shortly after the battle vowing victory for the soviets .
after his defeat , he was given to us authorities in a dormant state .
in this game , he is awakened once more and is used to fight entropy .
seemingly a single individual in his first encounter with black jack , red sun is actually an army of identical warriors who seem to share a consciousness .
their abilities include a sword attack , hurling fiery shurikens , and the ability to summon explosive fire elementals .
when one instance of red sun is killed , the rest gain his strength .
red sun expresses a strict code of honor in battle , announcing themselves before attacking and thanking freedom force for the honor of dying in battle with them .
he employs men costumed as roman centurions as his henchmen .
in this final encounter , he is eaten by a dinosaur statue animated by entropy .
perhaps influenced by the fiddler and other musical golden age supervillains .
he warns her that his presence is all that keeps the chaos wraiths at bay , but she refuses to listen and transports him back to earth .
shortly thereafter , she is touched by one of the chaos wraiths and becomes entropy .
time master and freedom force team up temporarily to defeat her , but of course time master attempts to betray the heroes as soon as entropy seems to be helpless .
knowing that she cannot suppress entropy for long , alchemiss realizes the only course of action is to erase herself from ever existing .
accepting and expecting oblivion , she is surprised to find a mysterious figure before her , glowing with power .
the stranger tells her in an alien voice that of all the gifted ones , she is the only one to ever surprise him .
when alchemiss asks who he is , he replies that he is energy x .
in these two books , he tells a broad variety of jokes from puns to ethnic , from limericks to anecdotes .
what makes these books surpass many of their contemporaries is that he explains what is funny to the jokes , and gives tips on how to tell them .
he talks about the effect of the jokes on different audiences , and the personal touches that you can add to make the joke your own .
animals in the prime of life were suffocated and preserved in ashfall where they stood , or where they collected at a water hole , such as at ashfall fossil beds , located far downwind in northeastern nebraska .
the existence of the event was discovered by prof .
prevailing westerlies deposited distal ashfall over a vast area of the great plains .
in ## , mehalba was assigned as a civilian interpreter at guantanamo .
he was arrested on september ## , ## , at boston logan airport .
mehalba had flown into logan through italy from cairo , egypt .
on routine admission through customs , mehalba presented a us passport and a us military identification card .
when asked about some computer cds , he said that they contained only music and videos he had made while in egypt .
mehalba told inspectors that he did not have any official us government documents .
during his interview at logan airport , mehalba discussed gephart , but denied she was his girlfriend .
mehelba was one of four people accused of security breaches at the guantanamo bay detention facility .
the others were air force enlisted senior airman ahmad al halabi , army captain and muslim chaplain james yee , and army colonel jack farr .
on january ## ## , mehalba pleaded guilty to lying to government agents and removing classified documents .
on february ## ## , mehalba was sentenced to ## months in prison , with credit for ## months , time served .
the male has a crimson crown , a brown forehead , a black superciliary stripe , and another from the base of the bill to the neck .
the nape and upper back are black , but the lower back is barred with black and white .
on the wings are broader and more conspicuous bars , and the outer tail feathers are also barred .
the under parts are white with streaks on the flanks .
in the female the crown is white , but the young birds of both sexes have more or less crimson on the head .
its habits are very similar to those of the great spotted woodpecker , and it has the same stumpy appearance , almost triangular , when bounding from tree to tree .
this substitute for a song may be heard at all times , but most frequently when courtship begins early in the year .
its insect food is similar to that of the great spotted woodpecker .
a litter of chips is also a guide to a nesting hole , for the bird does not always carry these away when excavating .
the hole is usually at a considerable height above the ground and may be so high as ## or ## feet .
it is a smaller burrow than that of the great spotted woodpecker , measuring from ## to ## inches in diameter .
the shaft varies , the nesting cavity being often a foot or more below the entrance .
five to eight highly polished white eggs are laid upon wood dust and chips in the latter half of may , and a single brood is the rule .
occasionally an old or natural hollow is used or enlarged .
populations of lesser spotted woodpeckers are mostly resident , but can be nomadic to some degree .
the winter temperatures may exhibit a direct effect on winter survival of lesser spotted woodpeckers by heat loss , whereas weather conditions during spring have an indirect effect on breeding performance by affecting food production .
impact of weather on annual fluctuations in breeding numbers of lesser spotted woodpecker dendrocopos minor in norway .
quebec law is unique in canada because quebec is the only province in canada to have a civil law system .
the core areas of the matters of private law that are , incidentally , in the exclusive jurisdiction of the province , such as property , contracts and other forms of civil liability , are codified in its civil code , the civil code of quebec .
criminal law is , however , based on the common law system .
the quebec legal system came into effect with the creation of new france in ## .
under the rule of louis xiv , quebec adopted the custom of paris .
the administration of justice was based on the inquisitorial method .
the dead river connects lake eustis and lake harris .
the only roadway to cross the river is u .
bass fishing surpasses anything you have ever known in that line .
aberdeen station is an amtrak station in aberdeen , maryland on the northeast corridor and marc penn line .
kommissionen was recorded in ## and scheduled for airing on svt in the spring of ## , but was postponed until the autumn .
it was simultaneously released on dvd and as a book .
new hartford is a city in butler county , iowa , united states .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the city .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
wayne trace high school is a public high school in haviland , ohio .
it is the only high school in the wayne trace local school district .
is a research associate in philosophy at trinity college , university of toronto .
he is founder and president of permanent end international , a nonprofit organization devoted to ending hunger , illiteracy and environmental degradation .
he serves on the editorial board of the journal of evolution and technology and is a fellow of the institute for ethics and emerging technologies .
robert lee wilson was born on ## may ## in centralia , illinois .
wilson enlisted in the united states marine corps on ## september ## .
he went to chicago then to san diego , california , for recruit training .
he fought in practically every major engagement in the pacific until the day of his death .
for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while serving with the second battalion , sixth marine division , during action against enemy japanese forces on tinian island , marianas group , on ## august ## .
as one of a group of marines advancing through heavy underbrush to neutralize isolated points of resistance , private first class wilson daringly preceded his companions toward a pile of rocks where japanese troops were supposed to be hiding .
fully aware of the danger involved , he was moving forward while the remainder of the squad armed with automatic rifles closed together in the rear , when an enemy grenade landed in the midst of the group .
quick to act , private first class wilson cried a warning to the men and unhesitatingly threw himself on the grenade , heroically sacrificing his own life that the others might live and fulfill their mission .
his exceptional valor , courageous loyalty and unwavering devotion to duty in the face of grave peril reflect the highest credit upon private first class wilson and the united states naval service .
the uss robert wilson earned three battle stars for service during the vietnam war .
since then , many concepts and ideas of a neighborhood have emerged .
milton kolter defines a neighborhood as , a political settlement of small territory and familiar association , whose absolute property is its capacity for deliberative democracy .
while most neighborhoods are difficult to define geographically , anyone who lives in an urban setting relates to an area that they call their neighborhood .
as such , it is a useful level at which to engage in planning practice .
neighborhood planning deals with a level of planning greater than household size but smaller than that of a city .
in fact , one of the first steps in planning for a neighborhood is to define the boundaries of the neighborhood .
it becomes difficult when some areas do not want certain streets or houses to be included in their neighborhood boundary .
on the other hand , it can also be a problem if more than one neighborhood district attempts to claim a certain street or group of homes .
two less problematic ways in which to define neighborhood boundaries are by using natural objects like rivers and parks or by dividing up the city using information based on the census report .
if all else fails , public meetings and surveys can help the decision making process .
after the boundaries of the plan are established , officials need to decide how to get the neighborhood involved with the planning process .
most people wrongly assume that a neighborhood plan will be done democratically .
in reality , a city official may do all of the planning with minimal contact or input from the residents .
either way , without involvement of as many neighborhoods as possible , the outcome may lack critical information and perspectives and thus not fully represent the desires of the neighborhood residents .
the whole point of neighborhood planning is to understand what individual neighborhoods want to become .
to understand this , participation of neighbors is absolutely crucial .
in reality , it is only at this level , where the actual number of parties is small , that true democratic decision making may be possible .
there are many strategies that may be used in order to involve the residents of the neighborhood in the planning process .
one way is to utilize outreach methods in order to get the word out that planning is taking place .
another way to get the neighborhood involved is by colleting data and information about the area and how the residents use it .
a third method is to actually have residents assist in the work for the planning process .
a true democratic neighborhood plan includes all three methods .
outreach methods include five different techniques that may be used to inform the neighborhood that planning is taking place .
this method is the most personalized , making it the most effective .
in order to cut back the time , it is suggested that a phone tree is used when personal calls take place and flyers be created to put on doors of houses that are visited .
the second type of method that can be used is the media .
this method includes both the printed and electronic media .
if this does not work , an add spot in the paper or electronic media can usually be purchased .
these centers need to have an individual available to answer questions that neighbors may have .
this is also a great opportunity to provide residents with surveys that would gather more information to assist the planners .
the fourth outreach method involves utilizing existing organizations as a way to inform residents on the planning process .
this method can use varying strategies to accomplish its goal .
one way is to obtain permission to insert brightly colored flyers into news publications or hang them in public offices or retail stores .
posters and papers displayed in public locations are a great way to utilize an existing organization .
the fifth and final form of outreach methods are displays at key settings .
this method is similar to using flyers or advertisements as a way to inform residents of planning .
however , is different in the way that it accomplishes this .
this method involves using a large vacant lot or path of high traffic to display information to the neighbors .
the lot needs to be in a central and busy area of the neighborhood in order to be effective .
all of these methods are ways in which planners can collect information from members of the neighborhood , involving the neighborhood in the planning process .
after a valid and useful information source has been established , collecting information becomes easier .
collecting information is the first step in neighborhood planning .
planners combine the information they have gathered from residents with other information they have obtained from personal observation and surveying the land .
they use all of this information to create a large , more informative picture of the neighborhood .
the second step in the neighborhood planning process is making sense of the information .
this entails pinpointing issues and establishing which issues are of major concern .
pinpointing issues helps to define which issues will take precedence if they should conflict with one another .
setting goals is the third step of neighborhood planning .
this step should come easily after certain issues and problems have been discovered .
the goals that are set need to represent the community and what would best suit their interests .
the fourth step in the neighborhood planning process is to come up with alternatives and select among them .
this involves the planning committee coming up with different alternatives for each goal .
after these alternatives are established the committee will discuss and decide which alternatives are the best suited to reach the goals .
the fifth step of neighborhood planning is to put the plan together .
now that goals and policies have been established , strategies and specific courses of action need to be defined .
this involves putting all of the elements together to create a plan .
the sixth step is to figure out how to implement the plan the committee has created .
this requires the planning committee to decide what actions need to take place in order to effectively implement the plan .
the committee needs to decide what resources are available , and ways in which to create more available resources .
this step helps decide where funding and financial stability will come from .
the seventh and final step of neighborhood planning is monitoring , evaluating , and updating your plan .
while this may be the final step of neighborhood planning , it does not mean that the planning process is finished .
the committee still needs to take a look at the decisions they have made and decide which parts of the plan work and do not work .
the plans that do not work should be revisited and revised .
because the plan can always be updated and changed , the process is never really finished .
one thing is for sure , planning and sustaining a functional neighborhood is a process that involves generations of work and decision making .
steve torpey has been a member of the scunthorpe squad since signing from bristol city in february ## .
he also participated in the the wine rematch of the century on the 30th anniversary of the paris event .
the structured markup language is designed to simplify creating captions for media playback on a pc , i .
sami documents are text , and can be written in any text editor , although there are special utilities available to create sami documents .
smi for sami files creates a file extension collision with smil files .
the festival became one of the largest bluegrass festivals in europe until it ceased after ## .
he won a scholarship to trinity college , cambridge where he read classics , being elected a fellow in ## .
he established himself as a creative editor of latin poetry with published editions of propertius , lucan and tibullus .
while at cambridge , he edited the classical review and the classical quarterly while holding the chair of comparative philology at university college , london .
in ## , reconciled that the cambridge chair would go to a .
housman , postgate became professor of latin at liverpool .
on july ## , ## he was injured in a cycling accident and died of his injuries the following day .
if rebadow does cause trouble , it is likely because he was following someone else .
in spite of the abrupt nature of the crime , rebadow was still convicted of premeditated murder and sentenced to death by the electric chair .
during his stay , the death penalty was abolished and his sentence was commuted to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
in season ## , rebadow is one of the ## inmates let into emerald city , an experimental cell block in the oswald prison .
rebadow knows so much that the cos threaten him to expose him for his knowledge over the murder of inmate jefferson keane .
later rebadow is attacked by young inmate kenny wangler , a move that angers unit manager tim mcmanus .
when a riot led by muslim inmate kareem said breaks out , rebadow stays low avoiding the cos wrath in the recapturing of em city .
while in em city , rebadow becomes cell mates with agamemnon busmalis , and the two form a friendship , possibly because they are both much older than the typical oz inmate .
busmalis is known for digging tunnels , and begins to dig in their cell .
rebadow also receives news that his grandson alex jr .
is dying of leukemia and his dying wish is to visit disney land .
at the suggestion of biker inmate jaz hoyt almost every inmate group donates to send alex jr .
later two aryans find out about the tunnel and take the cell from rebadow and busmalis courtesy of co karl metzger .
in the aftermath of the attempted murder , a physical exam of rebadow revealed a brain tumor affection the region of the brain which controls aggression .
once it was removed , rebadow returned to his old self .
several individuals remained in bondage years after the close of the american civil war and the ratification of the thirteenth amendment to the united states constitution which ended slavery in the united states of america in ## .
history of sussex and warren counties , new jersey , with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers .
a sea lion is any of several marine mammals of the family otariidae .
sea lions are characterized by the presence of external ear pinnae or flaps , long front flippers , and the ability to walk on four flippers on land .
sea lions are generally found in coastal waters of the temperate to subpolar regions of both northern and southern hemispheres .
sea lions of many species have seen a severe and rapid decrease in numbers in recent years .
many factors including overfishing of other species , shooting by fishermen and pollution have probably contributed to the decline .
progressive rock acts often combine elements of jazz and classical music , folk and world music influences with rock formats , often rejecting specific genre norms , and instead utilising relatively uncommon musical structures and ideas .
as such , it can be seen as an approach to songwriting as well as a genre of its own .
the characteristics of progressive rock can be difficult to define , for example the above mentioned bands bear little resemblance to one another in their respective sounds and fan bases .
outspoken king crimson leader robert fripp has voiced his disdain for the term .
there is also debate on whether artists and bands as varied as queen , the moody blues , frank zappa , phish , tool , electric light orchestra , and the flaming lips belong to the genre .
the most striking tendency and identifying feature of any given piece of progressive rock is that it feels carefully composed , yet spontaneous and improvised at one and the same time .
it is true to say that progressive rock lends itself as much to emotional enjoyment as it does to intellectual analysis .
contrasts would often be made between these sections in terms of dynamics , such that soft passages would build to louder passages and so on .
this approach is common in rock music , but more pronounced in the more theatrical progressive rock groups .
as the genre developed , the quantity of these sections increased , as progressive rock acts continued their allusions towards classical music and composed entire suites , building on the traditional medleys of earlier rock bands .
another common structural feature lies in extended instrumental passages that are part composed and part improvised , aspects which are usually associated with jazz and classical music , but less frequent in rock and popular music .
this can often lead to pieces in excess of ## minutes .
dynamically , progressive rock acts often tend towards the extremes .
changing time signatures and even layering poly rhythms were techniques more typical of classical and jazz music than of rock music .
the harmony of progressive rock , like jazz , is often almost inextricably linked with the use of modes in the melodies .
in progressive rock , melodies tend to be long and often meandering , especially in instrumental solo passages , often with little or no clear indication of cadence .
in the days of vinyl , concept albums extended to two or even three record sets with striking gatefold sleeves .
an aesthetic linking the music with visual art , a trend started by the beatles with sgt .
this led to fame for particular artists and design studios , most notably roger dean for his work with yes , and storm thorgerson and his studio hipgnosis for their work with pink floyd and others .
paul whitehead produced evocative gatefold album covers and sleeves for genesis and van der graaf generator .
it can be reasonably concluded that progressive rock originated in britain in the late 1960s , from a variety of musical influences worldwide .
the term progressive , as applied to music , originated in the late 1940s in relation to jazz .
later in the 1960s , the term was used in connection with the blues , e .
for their part german electronic music and krautrock pioneers tangerine dream introduced a variety of synthesisers , tape effects , and other unusual sounds in their compositions , usually in purely instrumental albums .
soft machine and others began to experiment with complex rock and jazz .
it is worth noting that , aside from elp , these bands began their careers before king crimson , and changed their musical styles considerably following the release of in the court of the crimson king .
as for elp , they inherited their singer and bass guitarist , greg lake , from the original king crimson lineup .
genesis labelmates , van der graaf generator , sometimes took an existentialist approach that bordered on nihilism .
progressive rock was especially popular in continental europe and some parts of latin america .
indeed , progressive rock enjoyed a captivating popularity in countries such as italy and france .
germany also had a significant progressive movement , often referred to as krautrock .
, along with the more renowned ones , are increasingly sought by fans as true classics of the genre , and also attracting the interests of higher musical critics and universities .
in brazil , os mutantes combined elements of traditional brazilian music , psychedelic rock and experimental sounds to create intricate yet unorthodox arrangements , with imagery and lyrics inspired by fantasy , literature and history .
the original members included such diverse groups as henry cow , samla mammas manna , univers zero , etron fou leloublan , stormy six , and later art zoyd , art bears , and aqsak maboul .
fans and music historians have a variety of ways to categorize the flavors of 1970s progressive rock .
other bands took the genre in a more commercial direction .
by this time , several north american progressive rock bands had been formed .
kansas , which had actually existed in one form or another since ## , became one of the most commercially successful of all progressive rock bands .
this development is often seen as part of wider commercial turn in popular music in second half of the 1970s during which many funk or soul bands switched to disco and smooth jazz gained popularity over jazz fusion .
however , established progressive bands still had a large following , with rush , genesis , yes and pink floyd all regularly scoring top ten albums with massive accompanying tours , for some of these bands , their largest yet .
by ## , by which time it is generally agreed that punk had mutated into new wave , pink floyd released the wall , one of the best selling albums in history .
many bands which emerged in the aftermath of punk , such as siouxsie and the banshees , cabaret voltaire , ultravox , simple minds and wire all displayed prog , as well as their more usually recognised punk , influences .
the early 1980s saw something of a revival of the genre , led by artists such as marillion , iq , twelfth night , pendragon , galahad , pallas , and saga .
bands of this style were influenced by 70s progressive rock groups like genesis , yes , and camel , but incorporated some elements that were reflective of the new wave and other rock elements found in the 80s .
the digital synthesiser became a prominent instrument in the style .
some progressive rock stalwarts changed musical direction , simplifying their music and making it more commercially viable .
this demonstrated a market for more commercialized british progressive rock a style very similar to that played by north american top ## stalwarts such as styx , foreigner , boston and journey .
many progressive rock fans were unhappy with the direction taken by these bands , but others simply accepted the changes and enjoyed the music .
yes , for instance , enjoyed a brief renaissance during the 1980s with a mixture of old and new fans .
some bands that began as mainly new wave or punk acts developed leanings toward progressive rock during this time .
the progressive rock genre enjoyed another revival in the 1990s .
arjen anthony lucassen , with the backing of an array of talent from the progressive rock genre , produced a series of innovative concept albums .
tool have cited pioneers king crimson as an influence on their work .
the math rock genre that arose in the 1990s also has many elements familiar to progressive rock fans .
there are a number of contemporary prog bands , such as mostly autumn , that combine celtic , and sometimes pagan , influences with earlier prog rock styles .
renewed interest in progressive rock in the 1990s eventually led to the beginnings of musical events and festivals that centered around progressive rock acts .
interest in the festival was large enough for others in the u .
progday , held at storybook farm near chapel hill , north carolina , first emerged during labor day weekend in ## and is planning its 12th festival in ## .
with a diverse lineup and an ability to get big name talent , the festival eventually grew in popularity to fill a ## , ## seat venue , and later relocated to trenton , nj in ## to a venue which seated over ## , ## .
the festival relocated back to bethlehem , pa in ## and is still active .
net a review and news site for progressive rock and progressive metal .
analyzes progressive rock using classical musicology and also sociology .
smart telling of the history of progressive rock focusing on english bands with some discussion of american and european groups .
takes you from the beginning to the early 1990s .
akzo nobel is a multinational company , active in the fields of healthcare products , coatings and chemicals .
headquartered in arnhem , the netherlands , the company has activities in more than ## countries , and employs approximately ## , ## people .
akzo nobel consists of fifteen business units , with business responsibility and autonomy .
for managerial purpose these cooperate in three groups , which are supported by one managerial board .
chairman and ceo since ## hans wijers , cfo rob frohn , and members toon wilderbeek and leif darner .
the board holds office on the akzo nobel site in arnhem , the netherlands .
in january ## the company it will move headquarters to the amsterdam zuidas location in july ## .
ultimately , akzo nobel products are found in everyday items such as paper , ice cream , bakery goods , cosmetics , plastics and glass .
each bu has an annual turnover of approx eur ## million .
## akzo merges with nobel industries , forming akzo nobel .
eu forces sale of aeronautical films and sealants businesses to allow completion .
the subaru r1 was introduced by the japanese carmaker subaru on january ## , ## .
it was designed to fit within the japanese keicar tax bracket .
the r1 was only available in one spec level up to end of ## with one engine .
the subaru r1e , an experimental battery electric vehicle , currently undergoing limited production for selected industrial clients in japan .
there is intense interest in this vehicle within the us ev community as it employs lithium ion batteries which contribute to a significant improvement in range .
pomp was born in enkhuizen in the netherlands , and was lodged with relatives in lisbon in ## , to learn portuguese and train as merchant .
in ## dirk established himself as a merchant on the isle of goa from where he visited china and japan aboard portuguese ships .
although the date of his first visit is not known , he sailed to japan twice before ## , and it is recorded that he arrived in japan on july ## , ## for his second visit there , on the portuguese ship santa cruz .
in the summer of ## pomp was back at sea .
should that fail , the expedition would head for silver trade with china or japan .
notably , among the other adverturers was william adams , the first known englishman to reach japan .
strong and adverse winds dispersed the fleet when it risked the straits of magellan late in ## .
the blijde boodschap passed the straits , but was blown off her course southwardly .
other accounts however make no mention of this observation , casting doubt on their correctness .
five years later , in ## , pomp was freed in a prisoners exchange and returned home to become a merchant in enkhuizen .
this is a feature that marks it as different to many other muds , especially owing to the way in which spells from the roleplaying game are coded along with components and echoes , to make the player feel they are really part of the world .
players are allowed only one character online at a time , and are expected to roleplay this character to the best of their ability .
there is otherwise no limit to the amount of characters you can create .
the new player to forgotten kingdoms can expect to find many features to enable him or her to enjoy their time online .
although the mud is roleplay enforced , the people on the mud are friendly and encouraging to new people who have never roleplayed before .
as well , they can benefit from the unique spell system discussed already , and the councils discussed below , which help to allow the mud to function .
there is also an atmosphere of creativity fostered on the mud .
if a player wants to see a new area in the game that they loved reading about in the forgotten realms supplements or novels , they can apply to build that area .
another proud feature of the game is the extensive set of help files available , covering most of the issues of the mud .
whilst some are out of date , a group has been set up already to renew these helpfiles .
there are many guilds available to players of forgotten kingdoms .
as their character develops , they can choose to join one of the many guilds that scatter the forgotten kingdoms .
rogues on forgotten kingdoms can specialise as bards , or thieves .
to join this guild , prospective members must first perform in public , be it singing , acting , reciting poetry or other displays of talent .
priests must join a faith , rather than a guild , and can choose from almost any of the forgotten realms gods to gain skills and spells particular to their deity .
priest spells range in level from ## to ## , and once they are faithed , they will get additional bonus spells specific to their faith .
unique and exotic races require varying amounts of kismet before they can be selected .
players may choose any alignment from the good , evil , neutral , lawful , and chotic combinations .
players must have a certain amount of kismet to select evil or chaotic neutral alignments .
players of forgotten kingdoms are encouraged to get involved and help keep it running smoothly .
for this reason , the tasks of running have the game have been split up into ## councils .
currently the largest council , this council is made up of people who help the general populace with any problems that they might face while playing .
the question is also automatically repeated so that the player asking the question is not forgotten about as a result of spam .
the second largest council , this council is made up everyone who wishes to expand the world of forgotten kingdoms , or to further enhance the existing world .
forgotten kingdoms has both online and offline area creation , and a large team of experienced builders to help anyone who is interested to find their feet .
other members of the team act as testers , help maintain the bug database and collaborate on discussions on how to implement new features .
forgotten kingdoms features a unique interface which provides all relevant information to the character in an easy to use manner .
for example , in the top left of the screen there is a stick figure representing your character .
other information available through the interface is a large map of the surrounding area if you are in the wilderness , or a small compass which highlights the exits available in your current location .
lists of characters and objects of the room are also displayed , together with your current health and other details .
they realised that this policy would have prevented many of the problems they had previously seen on mortal realms , and resolved to incorporate this policy into their new game .
it was based on the smaug code base , and borrowed heavily from the mrmud code base martin had worked on previously .
they thoroughly enjoyed the depth created by the writers of tsr and further developed by the wizards of the coast .
hour of victory is a first person shooter set for release in summer of ## .
this game is an exclusive to the xbox ## .
there is going to be a lot of vehicular combat and destructible environments .
you will get to play the roles of three men , a covert operative , a british commando and a sharpshooting army ranger .
normally homeostasis , the balance between proliferation and programmed cell death , usually in the form of apoptosis , is maintained by tightly regulating both processes to ensure the integrity of organs and tissues .
mutations in dna that lead to cancer disrupt these orderly processes by disrupting the programming regulating the processes .
carcinogenesis is caused by this mutation of the genetic material of normal cells , which upsets the normal balance between proliferation and cell death .
this results in uncontrolled cell division and tumor formation .
in fact , a series of several mutations to certain classes of genes is usually required before a normal cell will transform into a cancer cell .
only mutations in those certain types of genes which play vital roles in cell division , cell death , and dna repair will cause a cell to lose control of its proliferation .
nearly all cancers originate from a single cell , but a cell that degenerates into a tumor cell does not usually acquire all these properties at once .
with each carcinogenic mutation , a cell gains a slight selective advantage over its neighbors , resulting in a process known as clonal evolution .
this leads to an increased chance that the descendents of the original mutant cell will acquire extra mutations , giving them even more selective advantage .
cells which acquire only some of the mutations necessary to become malignant are thought to be the source of benign tumors .
however , when enough mutations accumulate , the mutant cells will become a malignant tumor .
cancer is , ultimately , a disease of genes .
in order for cells to start dividing uncontrollably , genes which regulate cell growth must be damaged .
typically , a series of several mutations to these genes are required before a normal cell transforms into a cancer cell .
some are responsible for the signal transduction system and signal receptors in cells and tissues themselves , thus controlling the sensitivity to such hormones .
they often produce mitogens , or are involved in transcription of dna in protein synthesis , which create the proteins and enzymes is responsible for producing the products and biochemicals cells use and interact with .
when this happens , they become oncogenes , and thus cells have a higher chance to divide excessively and uncontrollably .
it is only when they become mutated , that the signals for growth become excessive .
generally tumor suppressors are transcription factors that are activated by cellular stress or dna damage .
the functions of such genes is to arrest the progression of cell cycle in order to carry out dna repair , preventing mutations from passed on to daughter cells .
canonical tumor suppressors include the p53 gene , which is a transcription factor activated by many cellular stress including hypoxia and ultraviolet radiation damage .
in general , mutations in both types of genes are required for cancer to occur .
for example , a mutation limited to one oncogene would be suppressed by normal mitosis control and tumor suppressor genes , which was first hypothesised by the knudson hypothesis .
often , because these genes regulate the processes that prevent most damage to genes themselves , the rate of mutations increase as one gets older , because dna damage forms a feedback loop .
mutation of tumor suppressor genes that are passed on to the next generation of not merely cells , but their offspring can cause increased likelihoods for cancers to be inherited .
members within these families have increased incidence and decreased latency of multiple tumors .
the mode of inheritance of mutant tumor suppressors is that affected member inherits a defective copy from one parent , and a normal copy from another .
similarly , mutations in the adenomatous polyposis coli gene are linked to adenopolyposis colon cancer , with thousands of polyps in colon while young , while mutations in brca1 and brca2 lead to early onset of breast cancer .
many mutagens are also carcinogens , but some carcinogens are not mutagens .
examples of carcinogens that are not mutagens include alcohol and estrogen .
these are thought to promote cancers through their stimulating effect on the rate of cell mitosis .
faster rates of mitosis increasingly leave less opportunities for repair enzymes to repair damaged dna during dna replication , increasingly the likelihood of a genetic mistake .
a mistake made during mitosis can lead to the daughter cells receiving the wrong number of chromosomes , which leads to aneuploidy and may lead to cancer .
it is impossible to tell the initial cause for any specific cancer .
however , with the help of molecular biological techniques , it is possible to characterize the mutations or chromosomal aberrations within a tumor , and rapid progress is being made in the field of predicting prognosis based on the spectrum of mutations in some cases .
for example , up to half of all tumors have a defective p53 gene .
this mutation is associated with poor prognosis , since those tumor cells are less likely to go into apoptosis or programmed cell death when damaged by therapy .
telomerase mutations remove additional barriers , extending the number of times a cell can divide .
other mutations enable the tumor to grow new blood vessels to provide more nutrients , or to metastasize , spreading to other parts of the body .
a new way of looking at carcinogenesis comes from integrating the ideas of developmental biology into oncology .
the cancer stem cell paradigm proposes that some or all cancers arise from transformation of adult stem cells .
these cells persist as a subcomponent of the tumor and retain key stem cell properties .
furthermore , the relapse of cancer and the emergence of metastasis are also attributed to these cells .
the cancer stem cell hypothesis does not contradict earlier concepts of carcinogenesis .
it simply points to adult stem cells as the site where the process begins .
there are a number of theories of carcinogenesis and cancer treatment which fall outside the mainstream of scientific opinion , due to lack of scientific rationale , logic , or evidence base .
these theories may be used to justify various alternative cancer treatments .
they should be distinguished from those theories of carcinogenesis which have a logical basis within mainstream cancer biology , and from which conventionally testable hypotheses can be made .
they currently play in primera b metropolitana , which is the regionalised fourth tier of the argentine football association league system .
physically , he stands at ## feet , ## inches , and weighs ## pounds .
desaad appeared to be helping drax with his attempt to master the omega force .
he spent some time posing as darkseid to keep intergang going .
desaad was seemingly killed during an attempt by darkseid to penetrate the source .
danebury is an iron age hill fort in hampshire in england , around ## miles north west of winchester .
the approximately five hectare site was excavated by barry cunliffe in the 1970s .
the hill fort was occupied from the 5th century bc until around ## bc , and the defences were remodelled numerous times .
the norwegian government refused the german demands and left the capital as it became clear that norway was becoming overrun with german troops .
the norwegian government refused these demands and vowed to resist the german invasion as long as possible .
hitler named josef terboven an enthusiastic nazi to assume the position of reichskommissar for norway .
she had single screw , triple expansion , ## nhp engines .
he was born in athens on august ## , ## .
he won silver in the event at the ## world championships in cadiz , spain , behind przemek miarczynski of poland .
in the ## summer olympics in athens , kaklamanakis took the silver medal behind gal fridman of israel .
the special was held to celebrate the 25th anniversary of television in new zealand and was hosted by a variety of well known new zealand celebrities , both past and present .
to this date , television new zealand has not released the special on either video or dvd .
the book also contained many photos and featured the various network i .
robert gerringer also appeared in the movie the exorcist and in other soap operas including the guiding light and the edge of night .
it was built in a forested hilly area near the coast of the gulf of corinth .
it is also located ## km nw of athens .
every nerve alive is the second album by the japanese thrash metal band ritual carnage .
he became a professor at mit and later new york university .
hyfrydol is a welsh hymn tune which appears in a number of christian hymnals in various arrangements .
players may choose from a list of game zones to enter , each zone having a unique style of gameplay and many offering a wide diversity of weapons , player classes and objectives .
some of the developers of subspace bonded together to form harmless games llc .
the game was developed , gained a cult popularity and was picked up by brainscan development corporation , also known as brainscan interactive , as publisher .
gamefan , the parent company of brainscan interactive , went bankrupt and did not pay its employees for a period of several months .
harmless games , and its sole game , infantry , was bought by soe from brainscan interactive for an undisclosed sum .
in october ## , petersen was transferred to everquest ## development and weeks later was laid off .
in october ## , weeks was laid off again and a new developer was put to the task .
currently , soe infantry has very little code support , and there are constantly hacks being released .
the time is set several centuries ahead of the present .
the rebels are mainly located in the outer colonies of the solar system and are a vast minority compared to the large populations on earth and mars .
the rebels feel their colonies are being exploited for resources and labor due to the fact that they have little voice on what is decided .
the citizens of the larger populations cannot understand why people would rebel from a system where everyone has a say and thus the war .
titan has the largest population of the outer rim colonies and therefore the major battles are between them and the collective army .
however , many colonies provide militia and able bodies to the cause of groups such as the european mercenaries .
due to the chaos , many privateers have emerged , such as the morgan raiders who will throw in with anyone providing they are paid , even though they have no love for any faction .
has multiple weapons for players to purchase , allowing player customization .
the collective marines attempt to extract scientific research from a small research facility on a moon inhabited by the skrall , a hostile alien race .
players use jetpacks or hoverboards to fly around collecting flags and blowing up other players .
players use multitudes of weapons against each other in tight corridors .
players drive tanks , launch projectiles at other players and computer turrets to collect tokens .
these are used for setting turnouts , signals etc .
turner was also a pioneer in the use of ether for medical purposes , and wrote a pamphlet on the subject .
in a footnote , turner was the man who introduced josiah wedgwood to thomas bentley in liverpool , a friendship which led to the formation of the company that produced the famous pottery .
the song was also part of the soundtrack to the hard way , a motion picture that featured michael j .
fox and james woods , along with the rapper in a supporting role .
machen itself lies further west in the county borough of caerphilly .
he was sentenced to seven years in prison but was freed within four .
goldstraw was sentenced to life imprisonment at his murder trial and the trial judge recommended that he should serve at least ## years before being considered for parole .
this is expected to keep him behind bars until at least ## and the age of ## .
he experimented with coal gas as a cheaper and more readily available alternative to hydrogen for lifting power .
his first ascent was in a coal gas balloon on july ## , ## .
he became a professional balloonist and had made ## ascents by ## .
by the time he retired in ## , he had flown in a balloon more than ## times .
it is noted for its long introductory passage of clocks chiming and alarms ringing , recorded as a stereo test by alan parsons , not specifically for the album .
each clock was recorded separately in an antiques store .
a guitar solo from gilmour provides the refrain over the same chord progressions as the verse and chorus .
another live version was played on the delicate sound of thunder cd and concert video .
it does not include the breathe reprise section at the end .
it stands at the junction between the grand canal and the bacino di san marco on the lagoon .
baldassare longhena , then only ## years old , was selected to design the new church .
this involved crossing the grand canal on a specially constructed pontoon bridge .
the festa della madonna della salute is still a major event in venice .
the salute is a vast , octagonal building built on a platform made of ## , ## wooden piles .
while its external decoration and location capture the eye , the internal design itself is quite remarkable .
the octagonal church , while ringed by a classic vocabulary , hearkens to byzantine designs such as the basilica of san vitale .
the interior has its architectural elements demarcated by the coloration of the material , and the central nave with its ring of saints atop a balustrade is a novel design .
clodia accuses her former lover marcus caelius rufus of trying to poison her .
the trial ends with the defendant acquitted thanks to the pro caelio speech of marcus tullius cicero .
there is no further mention of the previously famous clodia .
nuclear blast is an independent record label and mail order record distributor with subsidiaries in germany , the united states and brazil .
the record label was founded in ## by markus staiger in germany .
originally releasing hardcore punk records , the label moved on to releasing albums by melodic death metal , grindcore , power metal and black metal bands , as well as tribute albums .
at their inception , nuclear blast focused on hardcore records , with bands like agnostic front , attitude and stark raving mad .
they progressed toward metal in ## , however , currently signing and distributing dozens of artists such as dimmu borgir and hypocrisy .
music from the nuclear blast label was featured in the ## movie alone in the dark .
nuclear blast was formed in ## after founder markus staiger traveled throughout the united states for four weeks and saw a gig of his favorite band blast .
the first edition of ## copies was sold out after one year .
nuclear blast started signing grindcore after staiger discovered las vegas grindcore band righteous pigs .
this followed with releases by atrocity , master and incubus , which all sold over ## , ## copies .
in the early nineties , black metal became highly popular in the european underground , and nuclear blast signed many bands .
many of them , such as dimmu borgir and dissection , are still signed to nuclear blast .
by the end of ## , nuclear blast had ## employees and mailed out a ## page catalogue quarterly to ## countries .
in the late 1990s and early 2000s , they expanded into a direction of power metal , recording the bands such as hammerfall and the power metal innovators helloween .
nuclear blast began to record in 2000s some finnish bands , such as stratovarius and sonata arctica , and the german band blind guardian , expanding their style further into different subgenres of metal .
she was laid down by vickers armstrong on the tyne on ## january ## , launched on ## march ## , and commissioned on ## october ## , thus missing world war ii .
as with pioneer , the design of perseus was altered during its construction to that of an aircraft maintenance ship .
in ## , perseus served as a trial vessel for one of the most important inventions for all conventional modern aircraft carriers , the steam catapult .
again paralleling pioneer , perseus became a ferry carrier in ## .
however , perseus lasted a few years longer in service , undergoing a refit in ## before entering reserve in ## and being sold for scrap in ## .
ailsa shipbuilding company was a shipbuilding company based in troon , scotland .
the company was founded in ## by archibland kennedy , the 3rd marquess of ailsa .
the scotia sailed from troon for the south atlantic on ## october , ## .
during the second world war , ailsa built vessels for the navy , including several bangor class minesweepers .
brian donohoe , member of parliament for ayrshire central was an apprentice fitter and turner at the ailsa shipyard from ## , before becoming a draughtsman in ## .
she served in the legislative assembly of ontario from ## to ## , and was a cabinet minister in the governments of bill davis and frank miller .
fish was born in rio de janeiro , brazil and raised in new york city .
fish was elected to toronto city council as a reform alderman in ## , and served until ## .
on july ## , ## , she was promoted to the davis cabinet as minister of citizenship and culture .
she returned to politics in ## , when she ran for mayor of toronto against jack layton , june rowlands and betty disero .
she currently serves on the ontario municipal board , on the board of harbourfront corp .
, the metro action committee on public violence against women and children , and casey house .
for sentimental reasons is an american nostalgia band and have usually played as a sextet of three men and three women , the women occasionally acting in the role of the andrews sisters , each wearing a red , white or blue dress .
they typically play songs of the world war ii years , often at reunions of war veterans .
they have played at venues across the usa and costa rica , sometimes on ships or military bases associated with the war years .
he was educated at the college of william and mary and was , perhaps , the first figure in the harrison family to gain national attention .
he was a virginia delegate to the continental congress from ## to ## , signed the declaration of independence , and was governor of virginia from ## to ## .
he again ran for the state legislature but was defeated by john tyler , sr .
he was elected from a neighboring district , however , and served until his death .
hinako was a junior high school girl who preferred to spend her free time practicing a sport at school .
passionate young woman with lots of incredible dreams , was a different case .
not only was she demanded good grades and exceptional behavior , she also had to be the first in her class in any sport .
that is , until she visisted a sumo arena .
sumo was an art in itself , much more than any other martial art .
she realized that sumo should not only be practiced by enormous men , but also normal women could be able to exceed themselves in the practice of this art .
hinako decided she would restore the grace and beauty that sumo is supposed to represent .
back in her school , hinako wanted to form a sumo club , but everybody just laughed at her , and deemed her as a crazy brat .
sumo was just out of the question for the refined and delicate ladies of her school .
everyday she practiced the arts of sumo , and instead of gaining weight and increasing her rather small girth , she decided to train her arms and legs to be able to support the weight of any huge sumo wrestler .
mai shiranui , kasumi todoh and yuri sakazaki considered hinako worthy enough to join their team and participate in the king of fighters ## tournament .
hinako also participated on the same team in the king of fighters ## , but with li xiangfei replacing yuri sakazaki , who left for the art of fighting team to comfort robert garcia .
in the advancement for stock cleaning in paper mills .
bird soon expanded to a broad line of equipment for stock preparation and cleaning in the pulp and paper industry , as well as significant accessory equipment used in the making and finishing of paper and paperboard .
the significant development was the patented design of the first planetary gear unit applied to centrifugal equipment .
this fast , efficient filter quickly found applications in the chemical and pharmaceutical markets .
in ## , the company launched a major program of plant and facilities expansion at south walpole , massachusetts , usa headquarters .
this policy of providing new facilities and equipment has continued .
today , this headquarters facility includes a complete analytical and pilot scale laboratory , a customer and employee training complex , offices and manufacturing .
the ## , ## square foot manufacturing complex includes cnc machine tools , fabrication , assembly and test resources .
in ## , bird machine company of canada , limited , a wholly owned subsidiary of bird machine company , was activated in montreal .
as our canadian operation grew , the company expanded further by relocating the manufacturing plant to saskatoon in ## .
in ## , ketema process equipment company of santee , california , was purchased by baker hughes and merged into bird machine company .
in greek mythology , pandion ii was son and heir of cecrops ii , king of athens .
he was exiled from athens by the sons of his uncle metion who sought to put metion on the throne .
pandion fled to megara where he married pylia , daughter of king pylas .
later , pylas went into voluntary exile to messenia , because he had killed his uncle , bias .
pylia bore him four sons , he became father of aegeus , pallas , nisos and lykos .
when pandion died at megara , nisus succeeded him as king .
after this death his other sons returned to athens and drove out the sons of metion , putting aegeus on the throne .
pausanias calls him the father of procne and philomela , who are the daughters of pandion i , which provides some support for this view .
it was the location of the signing of the point no point treaty .
it was named by charles wilkes during his ## expedition of puget sound .
wilkes likely gave the point its name as a result of a geological optical illusion .
from the north and south , point no point appears to be a narrow spit of land , jutting into puget sound .
however , viewed straight on from the east , the point vanishes .
it is located on the yeshiva university israel campus and conducts its torah study in the beis medrash with the yeshiva university gruss kollel .
the necessity of atheism is a treatise on atheism by percy bysshe shelley , published anonymously in ## while he was a student at university college , oxford .
a copy was sent as a pamphlet to all heads of oxford colleges at the university .
the content was so shocking to the authorities that he was expelled for not admitting authorship , together with his friend and fellow student , thomas jefferson hogg .
## ## , university college , oxford , ## june ## .
shelley , percy bysshe , the necessity of atheism and other essays .
it is the sole member of its genus , and the only freshwater surfperch .
color is variable , with a dark back that may have a bluish or purplish cast , and a whitish or yellowish belly .
they are fish of the lowlands , inhabiting lakes , sloughs , streams , and rivers , generally in areas with beds of vegetation or overhangs .
they generally gather in groups , sometimes in large numbers .
their diet is primarily small invertebrates sucked up from the bottom or picked from the midwater column .
hysterocarpus traskii lagunae , the clear lake tule perch , is native to clear lake and the two blue lakes .
although threatened by alien fish introductions and loss of habitat , it remains common in the lake .
the formal description of the tule perch was first read by w .
gibbons at a meeting of the california academy of natural sciences on may ## , ## , and then published in the san francisco newspaper the daily placer times and transcript on may ## , making it a rare case of a new species being published in a newspaper rather than book or scientific journal .
trask who sent gibbons the first specimens of this fish .
an idle act of violence brings the two groups into collision , and an act of revenge at the end completes the circle .
it is a story of troubled youth , dissatisfaction , and the separation that urban life brings about .
the taiwanese title refers to nezha , a powerful child god in chinese classical mythology who was born into a human family .
it is sometimes spelled nazha , nacha , na cha , or nuo zha .
green township is a township in forest county , pennsylvania , united states .
according to the united states census bureau , the township has a total area of ## .
as of the census2 of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the township .
there were ## , ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the township the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
cjay is a rock music radio station in calgary , alberta that broadcasts on ## .
cjay first broadcast on june ## , ## , and has maintained a consistent rock format through the years , varying only the mix of current and classic rock .
it features comedy and contests in the style of a shock jock show , although it is milder than most american shock jocks .
though crtc mandated , the attention to detail and research that dieter staschow undertook producing the show made it a success and was for many younger rock fans a great source of information .
each show featured a specific group or artist and through music and introspective facts and sometimes obscure details , dieter would weave remarkable rock and roll radio documentaries .
the station has since changed its call letters to cky .
the new zealand house of representatives is the legislature of new zealand .
it is a component of the new zealand parliament .
the house of representatives was established by the british new zealand constitution act ## which established a bicameral legislature , but the upper house , the legislative council , was abolished in ## so parliament is now unicameral .
parliament received full control over all new zealand affairs in ## with the passage of the statute of westminster adoption act .
the official title of the new zealand house of representatives was originally the general assembly until ## when it became the new zealand house of representatives .
the house of representatives takes the british house of commons as its model .
seats in the debating chamber form a horseshoe pattern , with members of the governing party or coalition sitting on the right hand of the speaker and members of the opposition sitting opposite .
the speaker of the house of representatives acts as the presiding officer .
this support is immediately tested through a motion of confidence .
the leader of the opposition is the leader of the largest opposition party .
currently the leader of the opposition is john key of the national party .
the mmp system means that there are usually several parties present in the house at present , there are eight .
the first mmp vote was at the ## election .
laws are initially proposed to the house of representatives as bills .
it is rare for government bills to be defeated , indeed the first to be defeated in the twentieth century was in ## .
the first stage of the process is the first reading .
speaking slots are allocated based on the size of each party , with different parties using different methods to distribute their slots among their mps .
sometimes , it will be recommended that a special committee be formed , usually when the bill is particularly important or controversial .
the house then votes as to whether the bill should be sent to the committee for deliberation .
it is not uncommon for a bill to be voted to the select committee stage even by parties which do not support it since select committees can recommend amendments to bills , parties will often not make a final decision on whether to back a bill until the second reading .
the select committee will scrutinise the bill , going over it in more detail than can be achieved by the whole membership of the house .
the public can also make submissions to select committees , offering support , criticism , or merely comments .
select committees frequently recommended changes to bills , with prompts for change coming from the mps on the committee , officials who advise the committee , and members of the public .
when a majority of the committee is satisfied with the bill , the committee will report back to the house on it .
unless parliament grants an extension , the time limit for select committee deliberations is six months or whatever deadline was set by the house when the bill was referred .
again , speaking slots are allocated to parties based on their size .
in theory , speeches should relate to the principles and objects of the bill , and also to the consideration and recommendations of the select committee and issues raised in public submissions .
parties will usually have made their final decision on a bill after the select committee stage , and will make their views clear during the second reading debates .
this veto could be invoked at any stage of the process , but if applied to a bill as a whole would most likely be employed at the second reading stage .
this is common for amendments proposed by government ministers .
some supplementary order papers are very extensive , and , if agreed to , can result in major amendments to bills .
on rare occasions , supplementary order papers are referred to select committees for comment .
the extent to which a bill changes during this process varies .
there is some criticism that bills may be amended to incorporate significant policy changes without the benefit of select committee scrutiny or public submissions , or even that such major changes can be made with little or no notice .
however , under the mmp system when the government is less likely to have an absolute majority , any amendments will usually need to be negotiated with other parties to obtain majority support .
these amendments are often just symbolic of their contrasting policy position , or simply intended to delay the passage of the bill through the sheer quantity of amendments for the committee of the whole house to vote on .
the speeches once again refer to the bill in general terms , and represent the final chance for debate .
the committees can call for submissions from the public , thereby meaning that there is a degree of public consultation before a parliamentary bill proceeds into law .
the strengthening of the committee system was in response to concerns that legislation was being forced through , without receiving due examination and revision .
each select committee has a chairperson and a deputy chairperson .
mps may be members of more than one select committee .
occasionally a special select committee will be created on a temporary basis .
an example was the select committee established to study the foreshore and seabed bill .
the house is legally the highest court in the land , allowing it to trial any person .
they moved to xenia , ohio in ## where patrick attended xenia academy and then the espy school in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
he studied law under judge collett in lebanon , ohio and was admitted to the bar in ## .
patrick gaines goode married mary whiteman on july ## , ## in greene county , ohio .
they had at least one son , benedict whiteman goode .
goode practiced law in madison , indiana and then in shelby county , ohio .
goode was a commissioner charged with locating the county seat of allen county , ohio .
he had the honor of naming the newly surveyed town and borrowed the name from lima , the capital of peru , and it was said that to his last day would not forgive the public for their resolute abandonment of the spanish pronunciation of the name .
goode was elected to the ohio house of representatives in ## and ## .
he was put up for speaker of the ohio house , but was defeated after several ballots .
goode was a local preacher nearly all his life and occupied a pulpit almost every sunday while in washington , d .
when the seventeenth district was formed in ## , five of the northern counties were taken from the sixteenth , but auglaize was added .
at the conclusion of his term of office in ## , judge goode retired from the legal profession and joined the methodist episcopal clergy in the central ohio conference and preached until near the close of his life .
he was located for a time at anna , ohio and wapakoneta , ohio .
his knowledge of parliamentary procedure was shared by so few men in the pulpit that he was in great demand at the conferences .
patrick gaines goode died in sidney , ohio two weeks after the conference at greenville in ## .
hover , barnes , jones , conover , wright , leiter , bradfords , culkins , eds .
as with many of the very earliest chan masters , the accuracy of the historical record is questionable and in some cases , contradictory in details .
he began studying buddhism at the age of seven and although his teacher was a man of impure moral conduct , daoxin maintained the buddhist morality on his own without his teacher s knowledge for five or six years .
he attended to sengcan for the next nine years .
i am going to the south and will leave you to spread and protect dharma .
in ## the emperor tai zong invited daoxin to the capital city but daoxin refused to appear .
three times the emperor sent emissaries and three times daoxin refused the invitation .
the third time the emperor instructed to either bring back daoxin or his head .
when the emissary related this instruction to daoxin , daoxin exposed and stretched out his neck to allow the emissary to chop off his head .
the envoy was so shocked he reported this event to the emperor , who then honored daoxin as an exemplary buddhist monk .
in august , ## , daoxin ordered his students to build his stupa as he was soon to die .
of significance is that daoxin was the first chan master to settle at one spot for an extended period of time , developing a stable community life which would lead to monastic chan communities throughout china .
henceforth , chan practice could no longer be confined to the meditation hall but the spirit of practice had to extend to the daily duties as well .
the need to extend religious practice to all aspects of one s life became a central theme in chan teachings .
it is clear , however , that daoxin taught meditation .
the zen scholar seizan yanagida stated that the expression samadhi of one practice was the heart of daoxin s practice .
the five gates of daoxin quotes him as saying buddha is the mind .
each of you , protect this understanding and carry it into the future .
in the 1970s and 1980s , oliver served as musical producer and bandleader for the game shows name that tune and face the music .
the quintessential example of a homology theory satisfying the axioms is singular homology , developed by samuel eilenberg and norman steenrod .
to be more precise , those examples showed the interest of the extraordinary cohomology theory concept , and came with homology theories dual to them .
steenrod , axiomatic approach to homology theory , proc .
steenrod , foundations of algebraic topology , princeton university press , princeton , new jersey , ## .
parablepsis is used by textual critics and analysts to describe a condition in which a person handcopying a text accidentally skips over some of it .
it may be the result of any number of mistakes and can be quite common when copying large amounts of text .
he played ## years with the falcons before signing a free agent contract with the 49ers in ## .
hall is a very smart , gritty and hard working player .
he has great technique and a quick first step and always hustles .
he has never had the ideal size to play tackle and has lost some quickness and explosiveness to injuries and age .
at the beginning of the second season , they became best friends , but still remained very competitive with each other .
this became a problem when they were trying to join a school club , and caused them to get kicked out of nearly all of them .
suzie dated billy loomer as a boyfriend at the end of the first season but broke up with him in the second season .
throughout the show , ned bigby had been trying to pine for her affection and succeeded in season three , when suzie and ned started dating .
the edward hainz house is a historic site in sebring , florida , united states .
on august ## , ## , it was added to the u .
as of ## india census , achalpur had a population of ## , ## .
achalpur is the northern terminus of the 762mm narrow gauge railway known locally as the shakuntala railway .
this line is composed of two legs intersecting with the mumbai kolkata standard gauge railway at murtajapur the 76km northern leg to achalpur and the 113km southeastern leg to yavatmal .
during the rein of british in india a military camp was established on the outskirts of the city .
presently it is one of the developed civil townships in amaravati district .
he is one of the important early baltic germans .
he went to the fort of narva at the age of ten .
as a marshal of the order , he fought successfully against the city of riga and was elected grand master in ## .
that same year muscovites closed down the hanseatic office in novgorod and imprisoned german merchants there .
his strength lay in his skilful use of heavy cavalry and artillery fire .
with such tactics plettenberg won the battle of the seritsa river , where an order army of ## , ## foot and ## , ## horse defeated ## , ## muscovites .
he captured several russian strongholds , like pskov , ostrov , izborsk , ivangorod and besieged novgorod but failed to protect livonia against devastating russian raids .
he even tried to convince the pope alexander vi to issue a crusading bull against the russians .
finally he made peace with grand prince ivan iii of muscovy in pskov in ## , with no territorial changes .
during the reformation , plettenberg supported the lutherans hoping thus to make himself independent of the catholic archbishop of riga .
the province was in disarray and the master had serious difficulties in ruling the territory which remained divided between the order , the bishoprics and rich cities .
in ## plettenberg converted himself and the order to the lutheran protestant faith , but he refused to secularize the province as the teutonic order in prussia had done .
springfield is a town in penobscot county , maine , united states .
according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of ## .
as of the census2 of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the town .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the town the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
rhinoviruses are the most common viral infective agents in humans , and a causative agent of the common cold .
structural proteins are encoded in the ## region of the genome and non structural at the end .
the viral particles themselves are not enveloped and are icosahedral in structure .
rhinoviruses are composed of a capsid , that contains four viral proteins vp1 , vp2 , vp3 and vp4 .
vp1 , vp2 , and vp3 form the major part of the protein capsid .
the much smaller vp4 protein has a more extended structure and lies at interface between the capsid and the rna genome .
there are ## copies of each of these proteins assembled as an icosahedron .
however , now they are known to be transmitted indirectly via respiratory droplets that are deposited on the hands and then transported by fingers to the nose or eyes .
rhinoviruses occur worldwide causing disease especially at schools for example which enhance transmission during fall and winter .
they show symptoms such as fever , cough , and nasal congestion .
the frequency of colds is high in childhood and decreases during adulthood most probably because of the possession of immunity .
the primary route of entry for rhinoviruses is the upper respiratory tract .
infection occurs rapidly , with the virus adhering to surface receptors within ## minutes of entering the respiratory tract .
however , volunteers treated with this drug experienced some side effects , such as nasal bleeding , and resistance was also developing toward the drug .
hence , all research put into this drug was ceased .
pleconaril , is a bioavailable antiviral drug that is taken orally for treating infections caused by picornaviruses .
this drug acts by binding to a hydrophobic pocket in vp1 and stabilizes the protein capsid to such an extent that the virus cannot release its rna genome into the target cell .
pleconaril is not currently available for treatment of rhinoviral infections , as its efficacy in treating these infections is under further evaluation .
it would be impractical to administer ## separate vaccines to a patient .
a sunni arab , he was elected to the national assembly of iraq in december ## on the secular iraqi national list coalition .
he was the minister of justice in the iraqi governing council .
continentality is a factor in the creation of a desert , it is the idea that as an area is very far from the sea there is more seasonal variation , making deserts more likely .
remoteness from the sea means that there is less chance of precipitation .
because solar radiation heats land faster than water , continentality causes greater extremes in both temperature and precipitation the farther inland an area is .
this causes localized as well as global impacts on weather patterns .
for instance , high pressure caused by cold , sinking air over siberia in winter and low pressure caused by warm , rising air over siberia in summer help drive the monsoons of south asia .
in irish mythology ferga son of eber finn was joint high king of ireland with his brothers ir , orba and fearon , after they overthrew muimne , luigne and laigne , sons of eremon .
adams is a town in jackson county , wisconsin , united states .
the population was ## , ## at the ## census .
according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of ## .
as of the census2 of ## , there were ## , ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the town .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the town the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
contact with its exterior can result in a paralyzing electric shock , after which the cube will proceed to slowly digest its stunned and helpless prey .
scholars have determined that juvenile gelatinous cubes grow to fit their own natural environment , adapting their exterior proportions to the size of the corridors they most commonly sweep .
although it resembles other fictional monsters , it is an invention of roleplaying game authors , rather than being lifted from outside sources and adapted to a roleplaying setting , as were many mythological monsters like the minotaur and dryad .
williams , skip , jonathan tweet , and monte cook .
it is believed that saint kevin was the one who popularized the name , although kevin is not a biblical name .
union ## is a chain of gas stations located within the united states .
union oil company of california , dba unocal , the original owner and creator of the union ## brand merged with the chevron corporation in ## .
in ## , unocal sold its western united states refining and marketing operations and the rights to the union ## brand to tosco corporation .
tosco has since been purchased by phillips petroleum who merged with conoco to form conocophillips .
on august ## , ## , unocal corporation was acquired and merged into a subsidiary of chevron corporation .
many stations had the ## ball rotate when the signs were lit up .
beginning in ## tens of millions were made and distributed by union ## .
these were extremely popular , primarily in the greater los angeles area , where they are still frequently seen .
the certificate of loss of nationality or cln is an american form that formally declares that a us citizen has successfully renounced his or her us citizenship .
commonly a cln is issued at a united states embassy in exchange for the united states passport .
case law shows that in order to avoid further legal complications it is vital to obtain a cln , and not just meet the criteria .
blakely island is the sixth largest island in the san juan islands of washington state , usa , encompassing a land area of ## .
the population was ## persons as of the ## census .
there is no regularly scheduled ferry service to blakely island .
the only services available on blakely island are at a general store , located at the marina .
blakely island is also home to the unincorporated community of thatcher .
he was head of business studies at yale grammar technical school , wrexham , and a rugby union referee .
he was member of parliament for eccles from ## until he retired at the ## general election .
congress called for the day to be established in house joint resolution ## .
in ## , catfish comprised the third highest volume of finned fish consumed in the united states .
most observers expect that production will continue to increase in ## .
production costs of catfish farming , which have averaged only ## cents per pound over the past ## years , have resulted in a stable income for growers and an economical food product for consumers .
the accompanying growth of the catfish processing industry also has created thousands of permanent jobs .
now , therefore , i , ronald reagan , president of the united states of america , do hereby proclaim june ## , ## , as national catfish day .
i call upon the people of the united states to observe this day with appropriate ceremonies and activities .
aac dominated the early usfsa league for the first ## seasons .
in ## the club got a new ground , at the henry daussy park , allowing an attendance of more than ## .
in ## the club got its first professional section , later abandoned in ## , before becoming professional again in ## .
clarkson is a city in colfax county , nebraska , united states .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of ## .
as of the census of ## , there were ## people , ## households , and ## families residing in the city .
there were ## housing units at an average density of ## .
in the city the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
as of ## india census , bhalariya had a population of ## .
with over ## species , carcharhiniforms include a number of common types , such as the blue shark , catsharks , swellsharks , and sandbar shark .
she resurfaced in ## , winning the european indoor championships and placing 8th in the olympics .
more victories in european and world indoor championships followed until she retired after the ## season .
honnemaradu , situated on the back waters of river sharavathi is famous for watersports .
it is located in shimoga district , karnataka about ## kms away from sagara , on the way to jog falls .
it welcomes the adventure loving people from all around the world .
one can enjoy kayaking , wind water surfing and all other kind of watersports .
visitors can stay over there and are provided with food , shelter and water sports equipments .
many early tv movies featured major stars , and some were accorded higher budgets than standard series television programs of the same length , including the major dramatic anthology programs which they came to replace .
the film depicted america after a nuclear war with the soviet union , and was the subject of much controversy and discussion at the time of its release .
such were the quality and popularity of duel that it was released to cinemas in europe and later the us .
often a successful series may spawn a tv movie sequel after ending its run , and tv movies may also be used as the first episode of a series , otherwise known as a pilot .
babylon ## also has several sequel tv movies set within the same fictional continuity .
only the first film in the parent trap series was released thearetrically .
the movies tend to rely on small casts and a limited range of settings and camera setups , and tend to progress in a literal , linear fashion .
the movies are typically made by smaller crews , and they rarely feature expensive special effects .
often they are recorded in less expensive video rather than the preferred motion picture medium of film .
rape is also a common theme , though not always the focus of the storyline .
the series of moment of truth movies that run on the lifetime cable network exemplify these melodramatic tendencies .
many such movies relocate the cast of the show to an exotic overseas setting , such as europe or australia .
some researchers indicate that unemployed populations in large cities and suburban towns would decrease if put to work by local food movements .
schools , such as the waldorf school , have foreseen the asset of local food production and are beginning to incorporate an agricultural section in their curriculum and present it as a career opportunity .
urban agricultural projects are beginning to open a new labor market in areas that have been negatively affected by industrial outsourcing of jobs .
the current industrial agriculture system is accountable for high energy costs for the transportation of foodstuffs .
although the taste of locally grown food is subjective , many participants in the urban agriculture movement report they prefer the taste of local agricultural products , or organic food , to that of industrial food production .
also , urban agriculture supports a more sustainable production of the food that tries to decrease the use of harmful pesticides that result in agricultural runoff .
urban and local farmers also eliminate the need for preservatives , as their products do not need to travel long distances .
an example of a community farm is the collingwood children s farm in melbourne , australia .
other proposals include creating community tool sheds and processing facilities for farmers to share , once again centralizing the resources .
the garden resource program collaborative based in detroit has cluster tool banks .
different areas of the city have a toolbank where resources like tools , compost , mulch , tomatoe stakes , seeds , and education can be shared and distributed with the gardeners in that cluster .
large cities tend to open their farmers markets on the weekends and one day in the middle of the week .
however , to create a consumer dependency on urban agriculture and to introduce local food production as a sustainable career for farmers , markets would have to be open regularly .
the market s central location in downtown los angeles provides the perfect interaction for a diverse group of sellers to access their consumers .
roof gardens allow for urban dwellers to maintain green spaces in the city without having to set aside a tract of undeveloped land .
cities that are serious about introducing urban agriculture face the problem that there is no ready labor force to produce food .
another proposal is to train prison inmates how to produce food .
the san francisco county jail , in conjunction with tree corps and garden project , provide inmates with an agricultural education and individual plots to grow their own food .
jails use horticulture to teach inmates how to work cooperatively with other inmates and also how to be responsible for their own nutrition and health .
agriculture and gardening provide a fresh air environment for inmates in which they can learn skills that will help them assimilate into society .
therefore prisons could begin to implement the garden project and transform the institutions into rehabilitation and agriculture education facilities .
schools have begun to implement agricultural curricula into traditional school environments .
such organization exposes students in urban environments to rural agricultural practices that they would not have been exposed to otherwise .
community centers and gardens educate the community to see agriculture as an integral part of urban life .
community centers like florida house provide urban areas with a central location to learn about urban agriculture and to begin to integrate agriculture with the urban lifestyle .
other examples of community centers are greensgrow farm in philadelphia and northey street city farm in brisbane , australia .
greensgrow uses an abandoned site as an urban farm to teach the community how food is grown and how to grow their own food .
northey street city farm hosts weekly community activities to educate and involve local residents in agricultural practices .
another way in which urban agricultural practices could be advanced is through government interaction .
other researchers suggest discounts be given at farmers markets or tariffs be placed on imported foods that can be grown locally .
the degree to which urban agriculture can address these food needs systemically is undetermined , though there are indications in some communities it is an important source of food .
other opponents argue that localized food production and the introduction of common resources and common lands into the urban areas would produce a tragedy of the commons .
though , as referenced earlier , many urban farms and community gardens are managed privately or through other civil society organizations .
a potential concern associated with urban agriculture is suspected or real soil contamination , which can be costly to address .
however , strategies exist to improve the soil quality safely while still meeting the food needs of urban residents .
the municipality lies at an altitude of ## metres and covers an area of ## .
he served in the legislative assembly of ontario from ## to ## , as a member of the ontario liberal party .
cunningham was born in hamilton , ontario , and educated at the university of western ontario and mcmaster university .
he worked as an advertising executive , was a founder of the ontario new liberal association , and received a provincial recognition award in ## .
he campaigned for the canadian house of commons in the ## federal election as a candidate of the liberal party of canada , and lost to progressive conservative bill kempling by ## votes in halton wentworth .
he was elected to the ontario legislature in a provincial election the following year , defeating progressive conservative incumbent don ewen by ## , ## votes in wentworth north .
he supported jim breithaupt for the liberal party leadership in ## , and resigned from the legislature in ## to run federally a second time .
in ## , he told an interviewer that his company was investigating possibilities with several canadian municipalities for private sector expansion in water treatment .
cunningham has also remained active in the liberal party .
tulsa county is a county located in the u .
as of ## , the population was ## , ## .
its county seat is tulsa and is the most densely populated county in oklahoma .
there were ## , ## households out of which ## .
in the county , the population was spread out with ## .
for every ## females age ## and over , there were ## .
currently , he serves as a special assistant to the general manager for the twins .
he was the 11th manager of the team and his tenure as manager was the longest in team history .
his efforts paid off the year after he retired from the twins , with a threepeat of divisional championships in ## , ## , and ## .
kelly was succeeded as manager of the twins by ron gardenhire .
kelly also played for the twins during the ## season , his only in the majors .
louis cardinals , each team winning all of its home games .
unlike in many other cities after major championship victories , the victory celebration in the streets of minneapolis was very notable in that it did not become a sports riot , owing partially to strong deployed police presence around the metrodome and partially to the generally reserved nature of minnesota fans .
jadugoda is a small township of uranium corporation india limited situated in the singhbhum district of jharkhand state in eastern india .
it is located approximately ## km by road and ## km by train from the steel city of jamshedpur .
this was the first mines where uranium was produced in india on a reasonable scale .
the school here was part of the chain of schools called atomic energy central school .
students of this school have done quite well and can be found all across the globe .
being in a relatively backward state of india , namely jharkhand , jadugoda is replete with reports of people suffering from radiation .
legislative elections were held in australia on ## october ## .
australian labor party ## , ## , ## ## .
australian labor party ## , ## , ## ## .
the ## election included the first publicised incident of online electoral conflict when the liberal website was allegedly cracked by supporters of the labor party .
at the time both major parties had their sites hosted with the same isp , but this aspect had been kept from the media at the time .
earth is actually beyond the outer edge of the orbits which would be warm enough to form liquid water .
this is one hypothesis explaining why venus has no water .
without hydrogen , the oxygen interacts with the surface and is bound up in solid minerals .
the magnetosphere also shields the ionosphere from direct scouring by the solar wind .
finally , volcanism continuously emits water vapor from the interior .
it is estimated that the minerals in the mantle may contain as much as ## times the water as in all of the current oceans , though most of this trapped water will never be released .
the water cycle describes the methods of transport for water in the hydrosphere .
movement of water within the hydrosphere is described by the hydrologic cycle .
it is easy to see this motion in rivers and streams , but it is harder to tell that there is this motion in lakes and ponds .
the water in the oceans moves as it is of different temperature and salinity on different locations .
surface waters are also moved by winds , giving rise to surface ocean currents .
warm water is lighter or less dense than cold water which is more dense or heavier and salty water is also more dense than fresh water .
there are several theories regarding the formation of the hydrosphere on the earth .
the planet contains proportionately more surface water than comparable bodies in the inner solar system .
outgassing of water from the interior of the earth is not sufficient to explain the quantity of water .
during the history of the earth there have been a series of periods in which a significant portion of the hydrosphere was locked up in the form of glacial ice .
it has even been hypothesized that during the cryogenian period this sea ice extended all the way to the equator .
the current ice age began about ## million years ago , and gained in intensity during the pleistocene .
the most recent withdrawal of the ice sheets occurred only ## , ## years ago .
all currently recognized forms of life rely on an active hydrosphere .
all organic chemistry indicative of life occurs with water as its solvent .
through this process the water cycle purifies the gaseous atmosphere .
although most life on the planet exists in the salt water oceans , humans are particularly interested in the hydrosphere because it provides the fresh water we depend upon .
the search for life in other celestial bodies in our solar system is focused on first locating water .
scientists estimate that in approximately ## ## years the sun will have exhausted the supply of hydrogen in its core and will evolve into a supergiant .
the outer atmosphere will expand significantly and the planet earth will lie within the photosphere .
a thick hydrosphere is thought to exist around the jovian moon europa .
the outer layer of this hydrosphere is almost entirely frozen , but current models predict that there is an ocean up to ## km in depth underneath the ice .
this ocean remains in a liquid form due to tidal flexing of the moon in its orbit around jupiter .
however the ice covering is expected to be thicker on ganymede than on europa .
the flag of fiji was adopted on october ## , ## .
the state arms have been slightly modified but the flag has remained the same .
the current flag is very similar to the colonial ensign used prior to independence , the main differences being the latter used a darker shade of blue and displayed the entire fijian coat of arms as opposed to just the shield .
while some reformists have called for the removal of the union jack , seeing it a british colonial emblem , others support its retention for the sake of historical continuity .
the flags of other independent countries , such as australia , new zealand and tuvalu retain the royal union flag in their national flags .
some influential fijians have called for the restoration of the full coat of arms to the flag .
after the revolt was crushed , the british partitioned the region into british india and the princely states .
they tried to develop a class of educated elites , whose political organizing sought indian political rights and representation .
these initial civil disobedience movements soon came to be the driving force that ultimately shaped the cultural , religious , and political unity of a diverse nation .
committing itself to purna swaraj in ## , the congress led mass struggles between ## and ## .
however , this was the parting of ways between the radicals and the conservatives .
bose left the congress to found his own party during the war , seeking first soviet and then axis help to raise a liberation force .
the raising of the indian national army in ## by subhash chandra bose would see a unique military campaign to end british rule .
following the trial of indian national army officers at the red fort , mutinies broke out in the navy , in the air force , and in the army .
european traders came to indian shores with the arrival of portuguese explorer vasco da gama in ## at the port of calicut in search of the lucrative spice trade .
after the ## battle of plassey , during which the british army under robert clive defeated the nawab of bengal , the british east india company established itself .
this is widely seen as the beginning of the british raj in india .
the company gained administrative rights over bengal , bihar , and orissa in ## after the battle of buxar .
in ## english was made the medium of instruction .
literary and debating societies initiated in bombay and madras became fora for open political discourse .
the educational attainment and skillful use of the press by these early reformers created the growing possibility for effecting broad reforms , all without compromising larger indian social values and religious practices .
even while these modernising trends influenced indian society , indians increasingly despised british rule .
however , they were not united and were easily controlled by the foreign rulers .
he questioned the need for native indians to pay taxes on agricultural produce to foreign rulers and battled the british until the latter , victorious , hanged him .
other movements included the santal rebellion and the resistance offered to the british by titumir in bengal , the kittur rebellion led by rani chennamma and sangolli rayanna in karnataka .
one well fought conflict against the british troops was the polygar wars that were fought from ## to ## in tamil nadu .
the second war was very covert and clandestine in nature and was fought by the polygars .
the rebellion was the result of decades of ethnic and cultural differences between indian soldiers and their british officers .
dalhousie s policy of annexation , the doctrine of lapse or escheat , and the projected removal of the descendants of the great mughal from their ancestral palace to the qutb , near delhi also angered some people .
the specific reason that triggered the rebellion was the rumoured use of cow and pig fat in .
soldiers had to break the cartridges with their teeth before loading them into their rifles , so if there was cow and pig fat , it would be offensive to hindu and muslim soldiers .
the british claimed to have replaced the cartridges with new ones and tried to make sepoys make their own grease from beeswax and vegetable oils , but the rumour persisted .
in march ## , mangal pandey , a soldier of the 34th native infantry , attacked his british sergeant and wounded an adjutant .
mangal pandey was hanged on ## april along with the jemadar .
the whole regiment was dismissed as a collective punishment .
on may 10th , when the 11th and 20th cavalry assembled , they broke rank and turned on their commanding officers .
they then liberated the 3rd regiment , and on ## may the sepoys reached delhi and were joined by other indians .
the red fort , the residence of the last mughal emperor bahadur , was attacked and captured by the sepoys .
he was reluctant at first , but eventually agreed to the demands and became the leader of the rebellion .
about the same time in jhansi , the army rebelled and killed the british army officers .
revolts also broke out in places like meerut , kanpur , lucknow etc .
the british were slow to respond , but eventually responded with brute force .
british moved regiments from the crimean war and diverted european regiments headed for china to india .
the siege of delhi lasted roughly from ## july to ## august .
after a week of street fighting , the british retook the city .
the last significant battle was fought in gwalior on ## june ## .
it was during this battle that rani lakshmi bai was killed .
sporadic fighting continued until ## but most of the rebels were subdued .
the war of ## was a major turning point in the history of modern india .
the british abolished the british east india company and replaced it with direct rule under the british crown .
the british embarked on a program of reform and political restructuring , trying to integrate indian higher castes and rulers into the government .
they stopped land grabs , decreed religious tolerance and admitted indians into the civil service , albeit mainly as subordinates .
they also increased the number of british soldiers in relation to native ones and allowed only british soldiers to handle artillery .
bahadur shah was exiled to rangoon , burma where he died in ## , finally bringing the mughal dynasty to an end .
in ## , queen victoria took the title of empress of india .
the arya samaj was an important hindu organization which sought to reform hindu society of social evils and counteract christian missionary propaganda .
a lawyer born in ottapidaram , tirunelveli district of tamil nadu , he later started a small shipping company offering services to ceylon in competition to the british .
he was later to be arrested and put to rigorous imprisonment , with his bar license stripped .
he would later inspire another freedom fighter , vanjinathan , who killed then collector ash and shot himself .
the inculcation of religious reform and social pride was fundamental to the rise of a public movement for complete nationhood .
the work of men like swami vivekananda , ramakrishna paramhansa , sri aurobindo , subramanya bharathy , bankim chandra chatterjee , sir syed ahmed khan , rabindranath tagore and dadabhai naoroji spread the passion for rejuvenation and freedom .
he gave the concept of swaraj to the indian peoples while standing trial .
the flames of the spirit of freedom were ignited by learned men like them , who gave reason for common indians to feel proud of themselves , demand political and social freedom and seek happiness .
events following the khilafat movement helped organize moplahs and gave impetus to their actions .
during the early months of ## , multiple events including the khilafat movement and the karachi resolution fueled the fires of rebellion .
on aug ## , the first incident of the rebellion occurred at tirurangadi when the district magistrate of calicut with the help of troops attempted to arrest a few moplah leaders who were in the possession of arms , resulting in clashes .
arsonists took to the street , burning and destroying government property .
the initial focus was on the british , but when the limited presence of the british was eliminated , moplahs turned their full attention on the hindus .
though this was an act of courage against british rule , it was also an act of savagery against the hindus , on whom unspeakable crimes were committed , especially the women .
they had acquired political experience from regional competition in the professions and by securing nomination to various positions in legislative councils , universities , and special commissions .
it should be noted that dadabhai naoroji had already formed the indian national association a few years before the congress .
the ina merged into the congress party to form a bigger national front .
it functioned more as a debating society that met annually to express its loyalty to the british raj and passed numerous resolutions on less controversial issues such as civil rights or opportunities in government , especially the civil service .
attacks by hindu reformers against religious conversion , cow slaughter , and the preservation of urdu in arabic script deepened their concerns of minority status and denial of rights if the congress alone were to represent the people of india .
its objective was to educate wealthy students by emphasizing the compatibility of islam with modern western knowledge .
not only had the government failed to consult indian public opinion , but the action appeared to reflect the british resolve to divide and rule .
widespread agitation ensued in the streets and in the press , and the congress advocated boycotting british products under the banner of swadeshi .
the british tried to mitigate the situation by announcing a series of constitutional reforms in ## and by appointing a few moderates to the imperial and provincial councils .
world war i began with an unprecedented outpouring of loyalty and goodwill towards the united kingdom , contrary to initial british fears of an indian revolt .
india contributed massively to the british war effort by providing men and resources .
## million indian soldiers and labourers served in europe , africa , and the middle east , while both the indian government and the princes sent large supplies of food , money , and ammunition .
but high casualty rates , soaring inflation compounded by heavy taxation , a widespread influenza epidemic , and the disruption of trade during the war escalated human suffering in india .
the prewar nationalist movement revived , as moderate and extremist groups within the congress submerged their differences in order to stand as a unified front .
in ## , the congress succeeded in forging the lucknow pact , a temporary alliance with the muslim league over the issues of devolution of political power and the future of islam in the region .
the act also expanded the central and provincial legislatures and widened the franchise considerably .
they had assembled at jallianwala bagh , a walled garden , to celebrate baisakhi , a sikh festival , without prior knowledge of the imposition of martial law .
possibly one of the factors that brought this movement to the masses was the entry of mohandas karamchand gandhi in indian politics in ## .
gandhi had been a prominent leader of anti apartheid movement in south africa and had been vocal basic discrimination and abusive labour treatment as well as suppressive police control akin to the rowlatt acts .
the end of the protests in the country saw repeal of the legislations and release of political prisoners by general jan smuts , head of the south african government of the time .
gandhi s vision would soon bring the population of millions into the movement .
in champaran , bihar , the congress party brought forth the plight of desperately poor sharecroppers , landless farmers who were being forced to grow cash crops at the expense of crops which formed their food supply , and pay oppressive taxes .
it was at this time also that the nationalist cause was integrated to the interests and industries that formed the economy of common indians .
the first satyagraha movement urged the use of khadi and indian material as alternatives to those shipped from britain .
although this came too late to influence the framing of the new government of india act of ## , the magnitude of disorder resulting from the movement was unparalleled and presented a new challenge to foreign rule .
these movements found widespread support among a people awakening to a new sense of nationalism .
however , the movement was called off by gandhi following the chauri chaura incident , which saw the death of twenty two policemen in the hands of an angry mob .
membership in the party was opened to anyone prepared to pay a token fee , and a hierarchy of committees was established and made responsible for discipline and control over a hitherto amorphous and diffuse movement .
the party was transformed from an elite organization to one of mass national appeal and participation .
gandhi was imprisoned in ## for six years , but was released after serving two .
this era saw the emergence of new generation of indians from within the congress party , including c .
the conference appointed a drafting committee under motilal nehru to draw up a constitution for india .
the calcutta session of the indian national congress asked the british government to accord dominion status to india by december ## , or a countrywide civil disobedience movement would be launched .
the indian national congress , at its historic lahore session in december ## , under the presidency of jawaharlal nehru , adopted a resolution to gain complete independence from the british .
it authorised the working committee to launch a civil disobedience movement throughout the country .
many indian political parties and indian revolutionaries of a wide spectrum united to observe the day with honour and pride .
gandhi emerged from his long seclusion by undertaking his most famous campaign , a march of about ## kilometres from his commune in ahmedabad to dandi , on the coast of gujarat between ## march and ## april , ## .
the march is usually known as the dandi march or the salt satyagraha .
at dandi , in protest against british taxes on salt , he and thousands of followers broke the law by making their own salt from seawater .
while gandhi was in jail , the first round table conference was held in london in november ## , without representation from the indian national congress .
the ban upon the congress was removed because of economic hardships caused by the satyagraha .
gandhi , along with other members of the congress working committee , was released from prison in january ## .
in return , gandhi agreed to discontinue the civil disobedience movement and participate as the sole representative of the congress in the second round table conference , which was held in london in september ## .
however , the conference ended in failure in december ## .
gandhi returned to india and decided to resume the civil disobedience movement in january ## .
for the next few years , the congress and the government were locked in conflict and negotiations until what became the government of india act of ## could be hammered out .
by then , the rift between the congress and the muslim league had become unbridgeable as each pointed the finger at the other acrimoniously .
apart from a few stray incidents , the armed rebellion against the british rulers were not organized be